Anyone Else Want to See Trump ‘Shut Up’?
How the Lakers Beat the Heat in Game 1 of the N.B.A. Finals
Trump Calls on Extremists to ‘Stand By’
Facebook will forbid ads that undermine the legitimacy of the coming election.
Can Mike Espy Make History, Again?
Trump’s Tax Avoidance Is a Tax on the Rest of Us
Tokyo Stock Market Halts Trading for a Day, Citing Glitch
Images From Four More Years of ‘What’s Going On in This Picture?’
In Which Rikishi Wear Mawashi
Quotation of the Day: Insults, Bluster and a Sense of a Superpower in Decline
Corrections: Oct. 1, 2020
U.S. Debate, Vladimir Putin, African Art: Your Thursday Briefing
2020 French Open: What to Watch on Thursday
N.F.L. Week 4 Predictions: Our Picks Against the Spread
Hong Kong Is China, Like It or Not
Chrissy Teigen and John Legend Lose Baby After Pregnancy Complications
Word + Quiz: guttural
Samantha Bee Decries Trump’s ‘Stand Back and Stand By’
Confrontation
For Voters Still Mulling, One Thing Is Clear: That Debate Didn’t Help
At the Edge of Time, a Litter of Galactic Puppies
Layoffs grow as companies gauge the course of the pandemic — and prospects for federal aid.
‘I feel like crying’: In Rio, the pandemic has stopped an unstoppable parade.
Lesson of the Day: ‘How to Get the Most Out of Art (Even When You’re Not Sure You Get It)’
After ‘The Salisbury Poisonings,’ Locals Picked Up the Pieces
Judge John Hodgman on Annoying Birthday Requests
Are You Having a Tough Time Maintaining Friendships These Days?
Distance Learning, With Shades of Big Brother
A Renter Wanted to Return to Her Childhood Neighborhood. Could She Still Afford It?
Shout Out to the Bodega Boys, From the Bronx to the Best-Seller List
Why ‘Biodegradable’ Isn’t What You Think
Finding Help to Take Their Next Steps
Alexander Vindman Knew Trump Would End His Career
Poem: On Taking the Measure of Your Book
For the Sake of Democracy, Cancel the Trump-Biden Debates
Tenants Facing Eviction Over Covid-19 Look to a 1970s Solution | Retro Report
Considering a Coronavirus Divorce? You’re in Good Company
The Right’s Relentless Supreme Court Justice Picking Machine
She Was Resting With Her Sons. Then a Shot Was Fired.
How Trump Voters View His Position on Pre-existing Conditions
When Latinos Saw Themselves Onscreen: ‘It Was Exhilarating’
New York Becomes First Big City in U.S. to Reopen All Its Schools
The 51st State America Needs
Why This Artist Is Paying Bodegas With 120,000 Pennies
A Brief History of the Taxpayer in Chief
With His New Mystery Novel, John Banville Kills Off a Pen Name
With Evictions Looming, Cities Revisit a Housing Experiment From the ’70s
Laughter May Be Effective Medicine for These Trying Times
When Your Job Is to Make Sure Nov. 3 Isn’t a Disaster
The Army Rolls Out a New Weapon: Strategic Napping
Jim Murray, a Top Whiskey Critic, Faces Accusations of Sexism
In U.S.-China Tech Feud, Taiwan Feels Heat From Both Sides
Roland Mouret on How to Create a Vacation Bag for the Summer That Wasn’t
The American Latino Experience: 20 Essential Films Since 2000
‘A Battle for the Souls of Black Girls’
Russian Opposition Leader Navalny Says Putin Is Behind His Poisoning
In Germany, New Plays Consider Autonomy in the Age of Corona
Indoor Dining Returns to N.Y.C. After 6 Months
40 More Intriguing Photos to Make Students Think
Jacinda Ardern Admits Past Cannabis Use. New Zealanders Shrug: ‘Us, Too.’
Fans celebrate the Stanley Cup champions, well outside the N.H.L.’s pandemic bubble.
A YouTuber Hangs His Own Shingle With an Auction Website
A User’s Guide to Mail-In Voting
Trump’s Fear of Biden
E.U. Brings Suit Against U.K. on Eve of Crucial Trade Talks
The Trump Debate Fallout
‘12 Hour Shift’ Review: When a Bedside Manner Includes Murder
‘Eternal Beauty’ Review: Sally Hawkins, in Another Transformation
‘A Call to Spy’ Review: A Resistance Led by Women
‘Save Yourselves!’ Review: Alien Invasion in the Smartphone Generation
‘Possessor’ Review: It’s by a Cronenberg, but Not the One You Think
‘The Great American Lie’ Review: Another Interpretation of the Dream
Take It or Leave It
‘Dick Johnson Is Dead’ Review: A Father’s Painful, Funny Goodbye
Editors’ Note
China’s ‘Golden Week’ Kicks Off in Boost to Battered Tourism Industry
Is It Time to Rethink Milton Friedman?
Breaking Impasse, E.U. Imposes Sanctions on Belarus
Corporate America’s Role in the Fight for Racial Justice
Amid a surge in cases, India plans to reopen cinemas, entertainment parks and some schools.
If MAGA Hats Are Business Casual, Why Isn’t My Biden Shirt?
A Countercultural Dreamland From Tokyo Flickers at MoMA
T’s Design & Luxury Issue: Safe Havens
Long Island’s Enduring Black Beachfront Community
On Long Island, a Beachfront Haven for Black Families
Facebook bans ads that aim to undermine the election.
A far-right group that trades in political violence has gotten a boost from Trump.
For undecided voters, one thing is clear: The debate didn’t help.
Trump renews fears of voter intimidation as G.O.P. poll watchers mobilize.
A study found the ‘single largest driver’ of coronavirus misinformation. It was the president.
Will Trump participate in the next two debates? The White House won’t commit.
Where Does America Sit in a Pandemic World?
The Calculus Behind Trump’s Covid Response
Inside the New Tech Cold War
Turkey admits not including asymptomatic people in its count.
Pence heads to Iowa, as Biden and Trump catch their breath and host fund-raisers.
The battle over restrictions in Madrid moves to the courtroom.
An Interview With the Pac-12 Commissioner
Unemployment claims in the U.S. show little relief from pandemic layoffs.
Fauci pushes back against Trump for misrepresenting his stance on masks.
A High-Tech Twin for a Renaissance Masterpiece
Three charts about the markets in the third quarter.
Plenty of work for homebuilders, but few commercial construction jobs.
The T List: Five Things We Recommend This Week
Which Cities Are Converting the Most Factories Into Homes?
5 Art Accounts to Follow on Instagram Now
On the Market in New York City
Homes for Sale in Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan
On the Market in the New York Region
Homes for Sale in New York and New Jersey
The Astros Are Moving On, Even if the Rest of You Aren’t
Her hours cut to almost nothing, she spent the time trying to launch a new career.
These people’s job is making sure Nov. 3 isn’t a disaster.
Subsidized furlough programs keep a lid on eurozone unemployment.
Where You Carry Body Fat May Affect How Long You Live
After a layoff, a couple struggles to get by on one salary and jobless benefits.
Google commits $1 billion to license content from news publishers.
Yankees Will Face the Tough Rays After a Record-Setting Playoff Win
On China’s National Day, Hong Kong Police Quash Protests
Mellon Foundation to Provide $5 Million to Aid Black Theaters
Galleries and an Auction House Follow Collectors to Florida
The Special Place Where Ella Fitzgerald Comes Alive
7 Podcasts for Music Lovers
The Artists Giving New Life to Fake Flowers
The Pandemic’s Pressure on Military Spouses
After 2 Years of Paralysis, Belgium Forms a (Very Fragile) Government
Italy’s daily new cases topped 2,000 for the first time since April.
Trump Launches Xenophobic Attack Against Omar in Minnesota Speech
Facing 200 Abuse Claims, Diocese Becomes U.S.’s Largest to Seek Bankruptcy
Fraud Schemes Exploit Weak Spots in Unemployment Claims System
Brennan Rebuffed Requests to Lower Confidence in Key Russia Finding
Overlooked No More: Lucy Diggs Slowe, Scholar Who Persisted Against Racism and Sexism
A day after refusing to condemn white supremacists, Trump aims a xenophobic attack at Ilhan Omar.
H&M will close stores and ramp up digital efforts as online sales rise.
‘Good for the Psyche of This City:’ Indoor Dining Resumes in N.Y.C.
The Postal Service Needs Fixing. Here’s How It Could Happen.
The Feats and Failures of Jimmy Carter
‘Kingdom of Silence’ Review: A Spotlight on Jamal Khashoggi
How Bob Dylan Turned David Remnick on to Serious Reading
The White House press secretary declines to explicitly denounce white supremacy, saying the president has already done so.
In Supreme Court Fight, McSally Sees a Chance to Reboot Her Senate Campaign
‘On the Rocks’ Review: Daddy Dearest and His Late Bloomer
Amy Coney Barrett signed an ad in 2006 urging overturning the ‘barbaric legacy’ of Roe v. Wade.
Verne Edquist, Virtuoso Piano Tuner, Is Dead at 89
An Uber Wage Experiment Worked
House Democrats pushed through an aid package with little chance of becoming law.
What’s Going On in This Graph? | 2020 U.S. Census
David Hockney: A Life in Drawing
The Sun Pushed the Limits of Winning, Losing and Playing in Pain
‘The Keeper’ Review: Accepting an Enemy as a Teammate
Help for the jobless has also been a bonanza for criminals.
Companies Ditch Plans for Rapid Coronavirus Spit Tests at Home
‘The Good Lord Bird’ Review: The Necessity of John Brown
Membership of Anti-Mask Facebook Groups Jumps Sharply
Fires and Storms Push Demand for Emergency Shelter to a New High
Glass Fire Burns in California as Winds Cause Concern
7 Things to Do This Weekend
Gas Tax Spikes in N.J. Because of Pandemic’s Impact
New York and New Jersey join a growing list of states with contact-tracing apps residents can use.
White House Says Trump Has ‘Always Denounced White Supremacy’
Despite Billions in Fees, Banks Predict Meager Profits on P.P.P. Loans
Why Male Baboons Benefit From Female Friends
N.F.L.’s New Two-Minute Drill: Juggling a Coronavirus Outbreak
35 Thoughts About Mario on Super Mario’s 35th Anniversary
The Best Documentaries on Netflix Right Now
White Actors and Directors Still Dominate Broadway Stages, Report Finds
What to Do With Your Plants for the Winter
Please Let Me Terrify Some Kids on Halloween
Stream These Great British Detective Shows
Please Keep Snow Days
For French Open Contenders, Serving Is Mental. So Stop Thinking So Much.
Turkey Jumps Into Another Foreign Conflict, This Time in the Caucasus
How California’s Diablo Winds Could Worsen Wildfires
Your Friday Briefing
Owners of BitMEX, a Leading Bitcoin Exchange, Face Criminal Charges
Citing security, Texas governor limits counties to one spot each for in-person ballot drop-offs.
Whitney Biennial Postponed Until 2022
Stanley McChrystal, a Top General Fired Over Insults to Biden, Says He’ll Vote for Him
Republicans Sow Doubts About Debate Fairness
Companies ditch plans for rapid spit tests at home.
Government Lawsuit Over John Bolton’s Memoir May Proceed, Judge Rules
Film Club: ‘Tears Teacher’
The Trump campaign relocates one of Saturday’s Wisconsin rallies after criticism over a spike in coronavirus cases.
Pelosi ‘Hopeful’ for Another Coronavirus Relief Package
John Turner, Briefly Its Leader but Long a Force in Canada, Dies at 91
Few Games, but Very Little FOMO, in College Football’s Less Glamorous Tier
Airlines, Facing a Painfully Slow Recovery, Begin Furloughing Thousands
From Geoffrey Chadsey, a Visual Diary of the Last Days of Summer
Alarmed by Trump: The Debate Fallout
100,000 New Mail-In Ballots Go Out, but N.Y. Voters Are Now Wary
How Much Watching Time Do You Have This Weekend?
Trump Virtually Cuts Off Refugees as He Unleashes a Tirade on Immigrants
10 New Books We Recommend This Week
Lebanon and Israel, Officially Enemies, Agree to Talks on Sea Border
Biden breaks the $365 million fund-raising record that he set in August.
Federal Prisons Will Let Inmates Have Visitors During Pandemic
Jobs, N.Y.C. Schools, Ella Fitzgerald: Your Thursday Evening Briefing
Renée C. Fox, Founding Figure of Medical Sociology, Dies at 92
‘This Is An Amazing Moment,’ Says N.Y.C. Mayor on Schools Reopening
Should the Presidential Debates Be Canceled?
Yuri Orlov, Bold Champion of Soviet Dissidents, Dies at 96
Grace Meo, Skilled Seamstress and Serious Sinatra Fan, Dies at 93
Data Shows Fewer Afghan Women Than Men Get Covid. That’s Bad News.
Unemployed Stage Actors to Face New Health Insurance Hurdle
New Layoffs Add to Worries Over U.S. Economic Slowdown
Joe Laurinaitis, a Star as Tag Team’s ‘Animal,’ Dies at 60
Amy Coney Barrett, Trump’s Supreme Court Pick, Signed Anti-Abortion Ad
Spotlighting Health Care, Democrats Seek to Use Court Fight to Damage Republicans
The Miami Heat Were Hot. Now They’re Hurting.
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
‘Raised by Wolves’: Ridley Scott Explains That Monstrous Finale
Politically Connected N.Y. Union Boss Is Accused of ‘Shocking’ Corruption
Wisconsin Is Frazzled by Surging Virus Cases and Growing Campaign Frenzy
The Very Strong Case for Bidenomics
At His Core, Trump Is an Immoralist
McMaster, Mostly Silent Until Now, Says Trump Is ‘Aiding and Abetting Putin’s Efforts’
Michigan charges two right-wing operatives with felonies over voter suppression scheme.
Facing Grim Polls, Trump Leans Into Playing the Victim
As Trump Sows Doubts on Mail, Some Democrats Push In-Person Voting
How Likely Is Election Doomsday?
What Students Are Saying About Democracy, Caring For Plants and “Flights to Nowhere”
Judge Blocks Trump’s Ban on Foreign Workers
Teenagers in The Times: September 2020
With Bipartisan Deal Elusive, Democrats Push Through Their Own Stimulus Bill
A top Trump aide has tested positive for the virus.
Trump Says He’ll Begin ‘Quarantine Process’ After Hope Hicks Tests Positive for Coronavirus
One Hand Washes the Other
Judge Overturns Murder Conviction, Citing ‘Racial Animus’ in Prosecutors’ Emails
In Profane Rant, Melania Trump Takes Aim at Migrant Children and Critics
Quotation of the Day: When Your Job Is to Ensure Nov. 3 Isn’t a Debacle
Real Estate Sales Continue to Stagnate in Manhattan
In My Sari, Kissing the Soccer Coach
2020 French Open: What to Watch on Friday
Preakness Stakes Experts’ Picks: Who Will Win?
Corrections: Oct. 2, 2020
The Oakland A’s Conquer One Demon. Could the Astros Be Next?
30 Years After Reunification, Old German-German Border Is a Green Oasis
Trump’s Positive Coronavirus Test, Belarus Sanctions, Aleksei Navalny: Your Friday Briefing
New Jersey Man’s Body Is Recovered From the Depths of Lake Tahoe
Eliud Kipchoge Emerges as the Philosopher-King of Running
Trump Tests Positive for the Coronavirus
Indonesia’s Stimulus Plan Draws Fire From Environmentalists and Unions
Word + Quiz: patina
Covid-19 Upends South Korea’s Thanksgiving, and Its Rituals
Trump and first lady test positive for the virus.
Trump’s positive cause global markets to tumble.
Trump’s Coronavirus Is Another Jolt of Uncertainty for Investors
Trump’s Secret Service Has Struggled With Outbreak at Training Center
Trump Tests Positive for Coronavirus, and the World Shudders
Sitting and Standing
W.N.B.A. Finals Storm-Aces Preview: A Battle of M.V.P.s
Do Politics Belong in Retirement Planning?
Colleges Learn How to Suppress Coronavirus: Extensive Testing
TV news networks begin live coverage of the president’s infection.
On Monday, Trump Updated the Nation on Virus Strategy. By Friday, He Tested Positive.
Lesson of the Day: ‘As Covid-19 Closes Schools, the World’s Children Go to Work’
In His Own Words, Trump on the Coronavirus and Masks
Every Place Under Threat
Trump’s Positive Coronavirus Test Upends Campaign in Final Stretch
The U.S. presidential campaign is upended in its final stretch.
New in Paperback: ‘Running Home’ and ‘The Shadow King’
Trump and the Press and Other Letters to the Editor
When Opposites Attract
The Proposal Was a Walk in the Park (the Second Time Around)
‘Always Up for an Adventure’ and He Passed Her Tests
Not Far From Mulholland Drive, Love Bloomed
The Grandmother Trees
Can Our Culture Survive Climate Change?
Meeting a Political Opponent, Finding a Spouse
Love and the Lockdown
The Amazon Has Seen Our Future
N.Y.C.’s School Testing Plan May Miss Large Outbreaks, Study Finds
Could the Amazon Save Your Life?
Welcome to the Thunderdome
He Won the Argument and Her Heart
After a Royal Wedding, Enter Her ‘Dutch Prince Charming’
Whose Islam? The New Battle for Afghanistan
How a #BlackLivesMatter Leader Spends His Sundays
Will Mormon Women Sink Trump in Arizona?
The Amazon Was Sick. Now It’s Sicker.
For Those We Can’t Always Protect
Apps Will Get You Paid Early, for a Price
‘Everything Crossed Over’: Michael Clark’s Cheeky World of Dance
We Know How to Stop the Fires
How Should Schools Hold Students Accountable for Hurting Others?
I Traveled to 52 Places. Then I Discovered N.Y. on My Bike.
They Keep An Iconic Roller Coaster Ready for When Crowds Return
Are Underhand Serves Underhanded? Tennis Is Opening Up to the Crafty Tactic
Many Rivers, Too Many Dams
Three Poets on the Amazon
News Quiz: Trump’s Taxes, the Presidential Debate, Nxivm
Four Takeaways from Rihanna’s New Lingerie Spectacle
An Evangelical Conquista in Amazonia
‘Ridicule’: The French Reaction to ‘Emily in Paris’
Football’s Return Is Fodder for Mask Debates and an Enforcement Dilemma
No One Is Stopping the Child Sex Abusers
The I.R.S. Is Outgunned
They Needed a Place to Marry. Suddenly Their Ship Came In.
Weekly Health Quiz: Awe Walks, Pets and Intermittent Fasting
Why New York Comedy Has Gone Underground (and Onto the Rooftops)
Tom Who? Cam Newton Is Moving New England Past Brady
After Wildfires Stop Burning, a Danger in the Drinking Water
Democrats Mount an All-Out Effort to Get Detroit to Vote
Leaf Peeping Is Not Canceled: 6 Drives and Hikes to Try This Fall
Six Months in the Life of a Locked-Down Theater
Why ‘Stand Back and Stand By’ Should Set Off Alarm Bells
Peace Corps Faces Questions Over Another Volunteer Death
Amazon 4.0. How to Reinvent the Rainforest
Breonna Taylor Grand Jury Audio Reveals Conflicting Accounts of Fatal Raid
Captain Chain Saw’s Delusion
Their Matchmaker Was Right
It Was Love at First Follow
Romantic Vibes From the Start
Cycling Helped Our 52 Places Traveler Fall Back in Love with N.Y.
In Pictures: Trump’s Busy Week Before Testing Positive
What Made This a Record Fire Season? It Started With Lightning
The Field: The Fight for Voting Rights in Florida
Leaders Who Caught Virus: Boris Johnson, Jair Bolsonaro and Now Trump
A President’s Positive Test and the Year That Won’t Let Up
What happens if Trump becomes too ill to perform his duties?
The 22-Year-Old Force Behind Egypt’s Growing #MeToo Movement
The Trumps Test Positive
‘If He Doesn’t Win Ohio, It’s Over’: Trump Slips in the Heartland
The Pandemic Comes for the President
Trump Tests Positive. What Comes Next ...
Trump Has the Coronavirus. What Risks Does He Face?
‘The Glorias’ | Anatomy of a Scene
TV news networks quickly began live coverage of the president’s infection.
Michigan charged two right-wing operatives with felonies over a voter suppression scheme.
Trump, under pressure to condemn white supremacist groups, does so briefly.
News that the president contracted the virus leaves the world shaken.
Trump’s disclosure upends the campaign in its final stretch.
Democrats are awash in cash as the election nears.
A recording of Melania Trump captures her complaining in vulgar terms about Christmas decorations and mocking detained migrant children.
The Florida director of a pro-Trump Latino group is the chairman of the Proud Boys.
How Julie Taymor Brings Visual Flair to ‘The Glorias’
In Morocco, a Compact Apartment Filled With Over 10,000 Curios
Audubon Park, From Hinterlands to Urban Density
‘Chad and Not Chadwick’: How the Bosemans Remember a Superstar
Voting in Person? Here’s What It Might Look Like in California
A theater owner waits for customers, new movies and ‘some sort of support.’
Mike Pence and his wife tested negative Friday morning.
She had income from three jobs. The pandemic took it all away.
Two layoffs. A new job with a pay cut. And then storms hit the pier.
Taxes Are Due Oct. 15 if You Received an Extension
Why These Millionaires Are Staying Put Despite a New Tax on Them
In a Quiet Month, More Big Sales at 220 Central Park South
Darren Star Finds Sex in Another City With ‘Emily in Paris’
When Invasive Species Become the Meal
Fungus May Be Fall’s Hottest Fashion Trend
Texas governor limits counties to one spot each for in-person ballot drop-offs.
The Watchable Parts of Thursday’s Broncos-Jets Game
We Want to Hear From Black Parents
Biotech Industry Pushes Trump Administration to Release New Vaccine Guidelines
Ronna McDaniel, chairwoman of the R.N.C., tests positive for the coronavirus.
The Very Right-Now Allure of Going to Extremes
Biden Tested Negative. He Could Still Have the Coronavirus.
More than two million workers have been without a job for more than six months.
Twice the Cooking, but Boundless Flavor
A Foosball Table That Elevates the Level of Play
Uncouth, Cranky and Rude: Movies in 1988 Were a Far Cry From Today
Six people at Judge Barrett’s ceremony have tested positive, adding uncertainty to her hearings.
What to Cook This Weekend
Strong Job Growth, a Terrible Job Market: The Bizarre 2020 Economy
Pelosi, second in line to the presidency, says diagnosis should be a ‘learning experience’ for Trump.
I’m a Ghostwriter for a ‘Thought Leader.’ Boo!
Kristin Urquiza, a debate attendee whose father died of the virus, says Trump showed ‘no regard for human life.’
‘You don’t have to do it’: What Trump has said about the virus and masks.
Video Shows Trump Tossing Hats to Crowd Before Positive Test for Virus
Liberals Ask: Why Should We Believe Trump Has the Virus?
The head of China’s news agency chides Trump for not wearing a mask. A Republican blames Beijing.
The Wall That Covid-19 Built Is Keeping Me From My Mom
A Tiffany Necklace That Transcends Time
Maren Morris Pleads With America, and 8 More New Songs
Trump Cracks Down on Visas. Indian Firms May Benefit.
Behind the Cover: Voter Fraud
British M.P.s: The World Should Stand With Hong Kong
Liberals cast doubt on Trump’s coronavirus diagnosis on social media.
‘They’ve got to be aggressively campaigning’: A leading Democrat urges Biden to stay on the trail.
World Reacts to Trump’s Diagnosis With Shock, Unease and Some Derision
White House Says Trump Showing Mild Covid-19 Symptoms
Trump officials see a rebound in a lackluster jobs report.
President Trump Received Experimental Antibody Treatment
Trump Infected: What We Know and Don’t Know
Macron Vows Crackdown on ‘Islamist Separatism’ in France
Salty-Sweet Chicken
Solutions Are Expensive. An Aura Is Priceless.
Senators Thom Tillis and Mike Lee test positive for the virus.
Tech Isn’t the Answer for Test Taking
N.Y. Voting Officials Need Money. They Were Told to Go to Zuckerberg.
These are the public officials and members of Trump’s circle who have recently tested positive or negative.
Biden Campaign Races to Adjust to New Uncertainty in Campaign
Azar Defends Trump Decision to Not Wear Mask
Tracking the White House Coronavirus Outbreak
What Went Viral This Week
Pence takes the president’s place on a call with governors.
S. P. Balasubrahmanyam, Indian Singer With Huge Repertory, Dies at 74

Jalen Rose’s N.B.A. Finals Diary: ‘I Can’t Wait for the Game’
Supreme Court to Hear Cases on Voting Rights and Climate Change
U.S. Appeals Injunction Against WeChat Ban
Health Secretary Defends Department’s Coronavirus Response
What the ‘Cuties’ Critics Can’t See: The Complexities of Black Girlhood
Get Well, Mr. President
Orchestras Are Rushing to Add Black Composers. Will It Last?
Meet Theater’s Most Famous Superfan: Hillary Clinton
Love Letter: Is It Time to Break Up?
Baltimore Museum to Sell 3 Blue-Chip Paintings to Advance Equity
Chris Wallace, Awaiting Virus Test, Tells Fox News Viewers: ‘Wear the Damn Mask’
Sometimes, the Funny Thing About Poetry Is the Poems
17 Republicans decline to condemn QAnon as the House votes to reject its conspiracy theories.
Hari Kunzru on Writing ‘Red Pill’
Murray Schisgal, Who Brought the Absurd to the Mainstream, Dies at 93
Review: In ‘The Journey,’ Scott Silven Tours Your Mind
For Simona Halep, Deciding to Not Play Made Her Want to Return Even More
New 9/11 Trial Judge Steps Down, Citing Conflicts
Facing Outbreak on Titans, N.F.L. Will Test During Bye Weeks
New Jersey officials are scrambling to trace attendees of Trump fund-raiser at golf course.
Fox News Stars to Be Tested After Attending Debate Night
Two New Movies Share a Clear Message: Don’t Forget Jamal Khashoggi
Harvey Weinstein Faces Six Additional Sexual Assault Charges in Los Angeles
My Screens Are Filled With Black Death, but I Won’t Look Away
When Waking Life Feels Like a Dream
Revisiting George Smiley and the British Secret Service
Rochester Mayor Is Indicted, Throwing City Into Further Turmoil
Cat Bordhi, Who Challenged Traditional Ways of Knitting, Dies at 69
Jacques-Louis Monod, Modernist Composer With a Lyrical Touch, Dies at 93
Remembering a Father’s Love of the Dystopian
Sexual Harassment Underreported at State Department, Report Says
Job Gains Are Waning, a Blow to Economic Recovery
Trump’s Illness Makes It Clear: This Election Was Always About the Virus
Why Philip Guston Can Still Provoke Such Furor, and Passion
Cleveland says 11 cases have been linked to planning and set up for the debate.
Testing Was Not Enough to Protect the White House
Voter-advocacy groups in Texas sue to block an order limiting ballot drop-off locations.
Soraya Santiago Solla, Transgender Trailblazer, Dies at 72
11 of Our Best Weekend Reads
The Tragedy of Donald Trump
It’s Time for Diners to Ask the Servers: How Are You Doing?
Australians Watching American Politics: ???!!!!***$%%#
Terry Goodkind, Master of Fantasy Fiction, Is Dead at 72
Led by Tesla, Auto Industry Rebounds as Car Sales Surge
Four Black Men, Lost in Thought
Trump’s Travail: A Virus That Thrives Indoors
You’re Telling Me!
Homeland Security Considered Snooping on Portland Protesters’ Cellphones
Getting the Virus Can Change a Politician’s Mind, Say Some Who Had It
Special Edition: The Pandemic Reaches the President
What if Trump Can’t Run? Many Steps Are Clear, but Some Are Not
Stream These 15 Movies Before They Leave Netflix This Month
Watch Live: Trump Departs for Walter Reed
Citing fears about I.V.F., Tammy Duckworth urges Senate not to confirm Judge Barrett.
Russian Journalist Sets Herself on Fire and Dies, Blaming Government
The White House relied on a rapid test, but used it in a way it was not intended.
A Crisis for Trump, and for America
Joan Marks, Doyenne of Genetic Counselors, Dies at 91
Tight New Restrictions in Parts of Quebec as Cases Rise Again
Young Edward Hopper Copied Works. So What?
Derek Mahon, Popular Irish Poet, Is Dead at 78
Sebastian Korda and the Runs That Make This French Open So Unpredictable
President Trump, Jobs, Leaf Peeping: Your Friday Evening Briefing
Amid a Fashion Month Like No Other, Scenes of a Not-So-Distant Past
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
What Now?
‘I Think I’m Doing Very Well,’ Trump Says
Trump’s Diagnosis Imperils Quick Supreme Court Confirmation Timeline
Trump’s Covid News Meets a Landscape Primed for Mistrust
Steve Barnes, of Cellino & Barnes Law Firm, Dies in Plane Crash
Trump Departs for Military Hospital After Positive Virus Test
Trump Administration Opens Investigation Into Vietnam’s Trade Practices
Lincoln Has Another Lesson for Trump
74 and Overweight, Trump Faces Extra Risks From ‘a Very Sneaky Virus’
Pence Tests Negative for Virus and Will Debate With Harris Next Week
As Trump’s Diagnosis Spooks G.O.P., Pelosi Projects Optimism on Stimulus Deal
Charting a Coronavirus Infection
Trump Hospitalized With Coronavirus
The Busy Week When the President Met the Virus
Trump’s Coronavirus Diagnosis Is a ‘Bracing Reminder,’ Biden Says
Setter’s Activity
While You Were Sleeping
Two senators on the Judiciary Committee test positive, raising questions about the timing of Barrett’s confirmation hearings.
Quotation of the Day: Jobs Gains Lose Momentum as Promising Recovery Stalls
Corrections: Oct. 3, 2020
Bob Gibson, Feared Flamethrower for the Cardinals, Dies at 84
2020 French Open: What to Watch on Saturday
After 30 Years, East and West Germans Wonder: How United Are We?
Germany’s Far Right Reunified, Too, Making It Much Stronger
How Many Lives Can a Fashion Brand Have?
What a $300,000 College Might Cost a $200,000 Family
Trump says he feels better, but his chief of staff says he is ‘still not on a clear path to a full recovery.’
India’s Covid-19 Death Toll Passes 100,000
Lili Reinhart Is Just Being Honest
Trump Tests Positive for Coronavirus: This Week in the 2020 Race
Some Insurers End Pandemic Waivers of Fees and Deductibles for Telehealth
The Seattle Storm Have Even More Weapons Than You Think
Washington State Officials Hunt for Colony of ‘Murder Hornets’
The Pandemic Depression Is Over. The Pandemic Recession Has Just Begun.
Mother’s Little Helper Is Back, and Daddy’s Partaking Too
Help! I’d Like to Ride the Train. Is it Safe?
They Cheered Trump in Minnesota, at the Last Big Rally Before His Virus Test
The Short Tenure and Abrupt Ouster of Banking’s Sole Black C.E.O.
A sudden reversal of fortune weighs on an already strained Trump campaign.
Obama offers prayers for Trump, while the president’s campaign insults Obama in a fund-raising letter.
Two senators on the Judiciary Committee test positive, raising questions about the timing of Barrett’s confirmation hearings.
Trump’s diagnosis imperils a quick Supreme Court confirmation timeline.
Trump’s Diagnosis Is a Wake-Up Call for Americans
Following Falsehoods: A Reporter’s Approach on QAnon
Reality Bursts the Trumpworld Bubble
If Commercial Gyms Can Reopen, Why Can’t the One in My Building?
The Votes Cast, a Fat Bear Is Crowned
Contact Tracing, Key to Reining In the Virus, Falls Flat in the West
With Patchwork Pitching, the Padres Turn Another Page
In Wake of Recent India-China Conflict, U.S. Sees Opportunity
Belgium Arrests 3 Men Suspected of Involvement in Rwandan Genocide
Democratic challenger in North Carolina’s Senate race apologizes for romantic texts to a woman who is not his wife.
This One-Pan Orzo With Feta Is #1
The U.S. and Europe lag on implementing an essential weapon against the virus: contact tracing.
Arctic Expedition’s Dress Code Raises Concerns About Sexism in Science
Variety: Marching Bands
‘They Chose to Stay Open and Fight’
Now the President and Frontline Workers Have Something in Common
Britain and E.U. Enter Make-or-Break Phase for Brexit Deal by Year’s End
Battling Wildfire and Pandemic, Ukraine Faces a New Foe: Landmines
Poll Finds Voters in Two Crucial States Repelled by Trump’s Debate Behavior
Why a Pro-Trump Town No Longer Sees Him as a Rescuer
A Toxic Alien Is Taking Over Russia
Profits and Social Responsibility: Revisiting Milton Friedman
Workers Face Permanent Job Losses as the Virus Persists
Armenia and Azerbaijan: What Sparked War and Will Peace Prevail?
Patriots-Chiefs Game Postponed After Positive Coronavirus Tests on Both Teams
Floodgates in Venice Work in First Major Test
Chris Christie, who helped Trump prepare for the debate, has the virus.
A White House Long in Denial Confronts Reality
Trump’s Symptoms Described as ‘Very Concerning’ Even as Doctors Offer Rosier Picture
The President’s Illness Is Yet Another Dividing Line in the Trump Era
To Hold Police Accountable, Ax the Arbitrators
Attorney General Barr will not self-quarantine, despite possible exposure to the coronavirus.
McConnell Delays Senate’s Return as a Third Senator Falls Ill
Sofia Kenin’s Knack for Rebounds Is Being Tested at the French Open. And in 2020.
With Trump Hospitalized, Covid-19 Continues Its Onslaught on the U.S.
Clinical Trials Hit by Ransomware Attack on Health Tech Firm
Trump’s Covid Treatments Are Aimed at Preventing Severe Illness
Data shows fewer Afghan women than men get Covid-19. That’s bad news.
Swiss Skydiver, With a Last-Minute Jockey, Wins the Preakness Stakes
Virus Diagnosis and Secret Texts Upend a Critical Senate Race in a Single Night
‘Fifth Girl’ in 1963 Church Bombing Gets an Apology From Alabama’s Governor
What to Know About Sean Conley, the White House Physician
Trump’s hospitalization starts to affect the campaign trail.
Despite Crises, India Fixes Its Gaze on a Bollywood Tragedy
Inside the White House Event Now Under Covid-19 Scrutiny
‘I Feel Much Better Now,’ Trump Says
Why Did Hundreds of Thousands of Women Drop Out of the Work Force?
With Trump Sidelined, His Campaign Promises MAGA as Usual
For Trump, the Only Medical News Is Good Medical News
Use Your Newspaper to Make a Flibber (A What?)
Podcasts to Inform Your Vote
Bob Gibson, 84, Feared Flamethrower for the St. Louis Cardinals, Dies
Identify the Different Symptoms of the Flu and Covid-19
Try ‘Comedy Pilates’ and Celebrate Indigenous Cultures
6 Ways to Celebrate Halloween From Behind the Wheel
The Best Live Animal Feeds From Around the World
Warm Up With Cider Cocktails
2020 French Open: What to Watch on Sunday
To ward off pessimism about his health, Trump releases a video from the hospital.
Corrections: Oct. 4, 2020
Mike Pompeo cuts visits to South Korea and Mongolia from his Asia trip.
‘In 1973, I Yelled Out to Elston Howard, the Former Yankees Catcher’
Black Germans Say It’s Time to Look Inward
As the Miami Heat Evolved, So Did Udonis Haslem
A Black Belgian Student Saw a White Fraternity as His Ticket. It Was His Death.
Jim Carrey Plays Joe Biden in ‘S.N.L.’ Season Premiere
President Trump, N.F.L., Leaf Peeping: Your Weekend Briefing
With ‘The Searcher,’ Tana French Ventures Into New Territory
Homes That Sold for Around $750,000
For Veterans, Bonds Forged in Battle Are Tested by 2020’s Rancor
Hopes Fade for New Political Course in Algeria a Year After Popular Uprising
President Trump, undergoing an experimental antiviral treatment, spends a third day in the hospital.
Simona Halep Upset in French Open by Iga Swiatek
The Week in Business: A Sick Twist for the Economy
‘David Attenborough: A Life on Our Planet’ Review: Ruin and Regrowth
Pope Criticizes Lack of Unity in World’s Response to Coronavirus
Even without Trump, his campaign promises MAGA as usual.
Ron Johnson continues to oppose mask mandates after testing positive for the coronavirus.
The presidential race enters a new period of uncertainty with Trump sidelined indefinitely.
Virus diagnosis and secret texts upend a critical Senate race in a single night.
Lang Lang: The Pianist Who Plays Too Muchly
McConnell says Senate won’t meet as planned after a third senator tests positive.
Jaime Harrison brought a plexiglass shield to his debate with Lindsey Graham.
Can Halloween Be Saved? Yes, Experts Say. Here’s How.
Officials offer conflicting accounts of Trump’s health.
Results, Respect and Marcelo Bielsa
One Million Lives
What to Cook This Week
N.F.L. Week 4: Bills Go to 4-0 With Win Over Raiders
Luke Combs’s Country Stardom and the Remaking of the Bro
The American Dream Is Tax Reform’s Biggest Obstacle
Against Covid-19, Imperfect Measures Do the Most Good
‘Keep Calm and Carry On’ May Not Work in a Time of Pandemic
Bright Lights of Dubai Beckon Israel’s Arabs but Pose a Quandary
Armenia’s Leader Makes Plea to U.S. as Conflict Rages With Azerbaijan
From Sharecropping to the Voting Booth in 3 Generations
‘Real Change’: A Race Is On to Register Ex-Felons in Florida
Comics That Dismantle the White Cowboy Myth
Can We Reconcile Faith and Politics?
Fear the Beard Sweat: These N.B.A. Workers Keep the Court Dry
Fearing 2nd Wave, N.Y.C. Will Adopt Restrictions in Hard-Hit Areas
I’m Black, and I Joined a Vaccine Trial
Mariah Carey, Elusive No More
Division Series: Faces Are Familiar, but the Landscape Has Changed
New Supreme Court Term Could End Roberts’s Dominant Role
New York to ‘Rewind’ Re-Opening in Hard-Hit Neighborhoods
Snooker, Handball, N.B.A.? It’s the Craziest Sports Calendar Ever
In Biden’s Home State, Republican Centrism Gives Way to the Fringe
Trump Confronts a New Form of Risk, More Personal and Perilous
For veterans, toxic rhetoric and political polarization are a new source of division.
The American People Need the Truth
Sick With Covid, Trump Tries to Paint the Picture of Health on TV
Your Monday Briefing
Kenzo Takada, Who Brought Japanese Fashion to the World, Dies at 81
Attack at German Synagogue During Sukkot Raises Anti-Semitism Fears
What’s Going On in This Picture? | Oct. 5, 2020
Jenny Holzer App to Bring ‘Great Books’ Home
Alexander Zverev’s Illness Puts French Open Health Protocols in Focus
Dish From a Crockpot
Texas Attorney General Is Accused by Top Aides of Abusing His Office
N.Y.P.D. Warns Officers: Wear Your Masks
Cardinals’ Trust in Bob Gibson Went Beyond His Fastball and Slider
Lockdown Feels Pretty Different the Second Time Around
America, We Know What You’re Going Through
Politics as an Act of Love
Trump Waves to Supporters Outside Walter Reed Hospital
Russians ‘Have Committed’ to Not Interfering in Elections, Trump Aide Insists
Use of Dexamethasone to Treat Trump Suggests Severe Covid-19, Experts Say
1 Dead and 2 Are Injured as Seaplane Slams Into Pier in Queens
A Timeline of Trump’s Symptoms and Treatments
At the White House, an Eerie Quiet and Frustration With the Chief of Staff
What We Learned From Week 4 of the N.F.L. Season
After Biden’s Exposure to Trump, His Team Is Cagey on Health Questions
Instead of Reassurance, Trump’s Doctor Delivers Confusion, Experts Say
How to Cover a Sick Old Man
The Untraveled High Road of Humility, and a President Laid Low
As Trump Seeks to Project Strength, Doctors Disclose Alarming Episodes
5 People Who Can Help You Strengthen Your Empathy Muscle
Thomas Jefferson Byrd, Actor in Spike Lee Films, Dies at 70
No Corrections: Oct. 5, 2020
Quotation of the Day: Bonded by Combat, Veterans Are Driven Apart by Political Rancor
Trump, Coronavirus, Sanda Dia: Your Monday Briefing
‘Fargo’ Season 4, Episode 3 Recap: Who’s in Charge?
Mellon Foundation to Spend $250 Million to Reimagine Monuments
6 Months After Coronavirus Shutdowns, the Shape(s) of the Economic Crisis
Interpol Issues ‘Red Notice’ for Thai Red Bull Heir
What’s on TV This Week: ‘Soulmates’ and the Vice-Presidential Debate
At French Open, Separation in Interviews Makes for Some Odd and Lost Exchanges
2020 French Open: What to Watch on Monday
Word + Quiz: behemoth
The White House outbreak grows as Kayleigh McEnany, the press secretary, tests positive for the virus.
The One Name the W.N.B.A. Won’t Say
‘We’ll See Those Guys Again’: The Yankees and Rays Wanted This Series
At Afghan Peace Talks, Hoping to End Their Fathers’ War
The Pence-Harris V.P. Debate Now Has Big Consequences
WeChat, Wild Rumors and All, Is Their Lifeline. Washington May End That.
Nicole Kidman Leans Into the Pain
How Is Your Mental Health These Days?
John Banville’s New Murder Mystery Starts Like a Game of Clue
Are Astronaut-Style Face Shields the Future of P.P.E.?
The Man Behind America’s Race for a Vaccine
A President in the Hospital and a Nation in the Dark
‘52 Places’ Will Look Different Next Year. We Need Your Help.
Is Air a Scam?
A New Film Looks at an Orchestra for People With Mental Illness
Pointers From Portugal on Addiction and the Drug War
‘I Had Lost All Hope’: Clorox Wipes Are Still the Hard-to-Find Pandemic Item
There Is Too Much Happening
From the Rubble of Atlases, a Colossus Will Rise
How Kelly Loeffler Went From Atlanta Elite to Trump Loyalist
Shopping for Footstools
Should N.J. Legalize Marijuana? The Voters Will Decide
Voters Dread Election: ‘It’s Going to Be Hell No Matter What’
The World’s Fastest Family
The New Museum Is World Class, but Many Find It a Tough Place to Work
A Student Dies, and a Campus Gets Serious About Coronavirus
In Canada, Kamala Harris, a Disco-Dancing Teenager, Yearned for Home
A Portrait of a Market in India Run Solely by Women
A New Battle Against the Virus Is Set for 9 ZIP Codes
How Much Do You Know About Sweden?
Nobel Prize in Medicine Awarded to Scientists Who Discovered Hepatitis C Virus
Corporations Must Do Their Part to Preserve Democracy
Hydroxychloroquine Is Part of the Online Conversation, Again
The Latest on the President’s Health
Paris will close its bars and many cafes for at least two weeks starting on Tuesday.
Trump’s Condition
The World’s Eyes Are on Walter Reed
Making the Monsters of ‘Lovecraft Country’
The Pressure to Be Perfect Turns Deadly for Celebrities in Japan
Israel’s Coronavirus Lockdown Fuels Protests, Violence and Confusion
Jimmy Butler Finds the Best Spot to Revive the Heat: In the Paint
After Trump said he ‘learned a lot about Covid,’ his trip outside the hospital suggested otherwise.
Health questions trail Biden’s campaign after his exposure to Trump.
G.O.P. centrism gives way to fringe views in Biden’s home state, where a QAnon fan is running for Senate.
The Illusion of Safety
How Kelly Loeffler went from Atlanta elite to Trump loyalist.
Here’s where the candidates are today.
When Are Mail-In Ballots Counted?
Lesson of the Day: ‘As Trump Seeks to Project Strength, Doctors Disclose Alarming Episodes’
What You Get for $1.6 Million in California
$1.6 Million Homes in California
Can You Guess Trump’s Record?
A new Supreme Court term could end Roberts’s dominant role.
Parents Face Murder Charge in Death of Girl With Severe Lice
Is Your Toddler Ready for a ‘Big Kid Bed’?
What I Learned From Loving Mapo Tofu
What Have You Cooked?
Now Taking the Stage in the Pandemic: The School Nurse
Indonesia’s Parliament Approves Jobs Bill, Despite Labor and Environmental Fears
Hotter Days Widen Racial Gap in U.S. Schools, Data Shows
On Capitol Hill, the prospects for a stimulus deal before the election remain murky.
‘The Coal Industry Is Back,’ Trump Proclaimed. It Wasn’t.
Behind the Coal Industry’s Trump-Era Lobbying War
China Ramps Up a War of Words, Warning the U.S. of Its Red Lines
The Eagles Are 1-2-1. And in First Place in the N.F.C. East.
To push back against Martha McSally, Mark Kelly enlists the senator who beat her before.
Calamities Challenge California’s Economic Foundation
Carter Williams, Who Unshackled Nursing Home Residents, Dies at 97
Mike Foster, Louisiana Governor During a Lull, Dies at 90
Biden Holds Steady Lead Over Trump in Arizona, Latest Poll Finds
Far Right Sees ‘Miracle’ in Trump’s Outing. Medical Experts See Recklessness.
N.Y. City Council Votes to Expel One of Its Own for 1st Time in Memory
James Helferich, Artist in the Food World and Prison Chef, Dies at 75
Blood, Passion and Captivity: Gentileschi’s Life Is in Her Paintings
When Covid Flared Again in Orthodox Jewish New York
America’s Refusal to Address the Roots of Violence
Cuomo won’t approve closing businesses in 9 N.Y.C. hot spots, but will close schools in those areas on Tuesday.
California Fires Take a Deep Toll on Wine Country
N.Y.C. Closes Some Schools … Again
Weapons Charge Against Quinnen Williams of the Jets Is Dropped
Machine Gun Kelly Leads a Shake-Up at the Top of the Billboard Chart
Biden Says He’s ‘Reluctant’ to Comment on Trump’s Health
Cuomo Rejects N.Y.C.’s Shutdown Plan for Virus Spike, but May Offer Own
How Did ‘Ransomware’ Get So Bad?
Former M.L.B. Pitcher Suspected of Killing Ex-Girlfriend Is Found Dead
Why Fox News Is Still in a Coronavirus Bubble
Tana French’s Irish Western Features a Retired Lawman and a Missing Boy
NBCU Names Susan Rovner as New Head of TV and Streaming Content
2020 Nobel Prize Winners: Full List
Kim Cattrall’s Hamptons Getaway
Nearly One-Third of Covid-19 Patients in Study Had Altered Mental State
Detroit opens 21 new satellite sites for voters to pick up and drop off absentee ballots.
Lessons From Trump’s Own Case of Covid-19
‘Better Safe Than Sorry,’ Cuomo Says After School Closings
A Climate Center on Governors Island?
‘Then I Heard a Boom’: Heavy Weapons Take Toll on Civilians in Armenia-Azerbaijan Clash
Supreme Court Starts Term With Case on the Politics of Judging
In U.K.’s Test and Trace: Now You See ’em, Now You Don’t
Led Zeppelin Wins Long ‘Stairway to Heaven’ Copyright Case
Your Tuesday Briefing
After 12 Years, a Yankees Scout’s Dream Pairing Comes to Fruition
As Virus Invades West Wing, White House Reporters Face Heightened Risks
The Aces Got to the Top With Physical Play. What Happened?
Trump’s ‘Don’t be afraid of Covid’ exhortation is denounced by Democrats and disease experts.
‘The Social Network’ 10 Years Later: A Grim Online Life Foretold
The Coronavirus May Be Adrift in Indoor Air, C.D.C. Acknowledges
How to Build a Better Dinner
Top Editor at Los Angeles Times, Norman Pearlstine, Steps Aside
Quino, Creator of Beloved ‘Mafalda’ Cartoon, Dies at 88
The Big Winner at the Transfer Window Was Jorge Mendes. Again.
Charting a Covid-19 Immune Response
Judges Tell Trump His Officials Are Serving Illegally. He Does Nothing.
Beware of Diego Schwartzman, a Tennis David in a Sport of Goliaths
White House Is Not Tracing Contacts for ‘Super-Spreader’ Rose Garden Event
N.F.L. Adds New Covid-19 Protocols to Keep Season on Track
‘Dear Child,’ by Romy Hausmann: An Excerpt
Trump, Voting, Layoffs: Your Monday Evening Briefing
Justices Thomas and Alito Question Same-Sex Marriage Precedent
Introducing ‘Time,’ a Film From The Times and Amazon Studios
When the Patient Is Your Commander in Chief, the Answer Is Usually ‘Yes, Sir’
Ron Perranoski, Ace Reliever in Dodgers’ Storied ’60s, Dies at 84
Bidencare Would Be a Big Deal
What It’s Like to Be a Teacher in 2020 America
With No New Films, Regal Cinemas Shuts Down Again
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
In Florida, Biden Says ‘I Wasn’t Surprised’ by Trump’s Diagnosis
Eric Trump Finally Interviewed in N.Y. Fraud Inquiry
Peregrine Worsthorne, Provocative Conservative British Editor, Dies at 96
‘Don’t Be Afraid of Covid,’ Trump Says, Undermining Public Health Messages
For the Secret Service, a New Question: Who Will Protect Them From Trump?
Barr Plans to Return to Justice Dept. After Negative Coronavirus Test Results
Trump Isn’t ‘Out of the Woods,’ but We’re in the Dark
Trump’s Campaign Saw an Opportunity. He Undermined It.
How Facebook and Twitter Handled Trump’s ‘Don’t Be Afraid of Covid’ Post
Chaos — and Controlled Chaos
PAC Led by Postal Official Pours $20 Million Into Rescuing Tillis
A White House Infected With Propaganda
Trump Leaves Hospital, but Doctor Says He Isn’t ‘Out of the Woods’
White House Blocks New Coronavirus Vaccine Guidelines
Wish a President Well Who Doesn’t Wish You Well
Biden Criticizes Trump’s Leadership While Campaigning in Florida
Killer in Canada Who Dismembered Rich Relative Gets 10-Year Sentence
Surfer Magazine’s Long Ride May Be Over
Trump Leaves Hospital, Minimizing Virus and Urging Americans ‘Don’t Let It Dominate Your Lives’
Kamala Harris’s Doubleheader: A Debate and Hearings With Sky-High Stakes
A Taste of Berlin in Your Home
Trump Removes Mask Despite Coronavirus Infection
Paying Tribute to Pierre Troisgros
An Italian Spritz Without the Buzz
Sourdough Is Just the Beginning at Bâtard
Add Light to Your Table
2 Former Bridgeport City Officials Plead Guilty to Rigging Hiring Process
Goat Milk Caramel to Swirl Over Ice Cream or Into Coffee
Stairwell Collapse in Houston Leaves 3 Workers Dead and 1 Injured
E. Jean Carroll, Trump Accuser, Seeks to Bar Justice Dept. From Case
Supreme Court Revives Witness Requirement for South Carolina Absentee Ballots
Scary Landlord?
Quotation of the Day: Nobel Prize in Medicine Awarded to 3 Scientists; Found Hepatitis C Virus
Corrections: Oct. 6, 2020
Death Toll From Fast-Moving Fire in New Jersey Rises to 4, Including 3 Girls
Trump, Coronavirus, Armenia-Azerbaijan Conflict: Your Tuesday Briefing
2020 French Open: What to Watch on Tuesday
Jannik Sinner’s First Sport Was Skiing. It’s Helped Him Play Fearlessly in Tennis.
Martina Trevisan’s French Open Is a Welcome Stop on the Long Path Back From Illness
Contact tracing efforts are restricted to the two days before Trump’s diagnosis.
Trump Returns to ‘The Infest Wing’
Texas Police Officer Charged With Murder in Fatal Shooting of Black Man
Cuomo won’t approve closing businesses in 9 N.Y.C. hot spots, but will close schools in those areas on Tuesday.
Word + Quiz: vapid
Clover Health Is Acquired in a $3.7 Billion Deal
The Virus Moved Female Faculty to the Brink. Will Universities Help?
Burly Bears
What We Dream When We Dream About Covid-19
Aging and Ailing Lab Chimps Are Still at Center of Fight for Sanctuary
Top China Critic Becomes Its Defender
Lesson of the Day: ‘Laughter May Be Effective Medicine for These Trying Times’
John McAfee, Software Pioneer Who Fled the Law, Is Arrested in Spain
When Witches Run in the Family
The Pandemic Has Hindered Many of the Best Ideas for Reducing Violence
What Ideas Do You Have to Improve Your Favorite Sport?
The Intricacies of Colombia’s War, Stitched Together in a Novel
To Sayaka Murata, Nonconformity Is a Slippery Slope
A Historian Explains What Civilization Owes to War
Pankaj Mishra Challenges America’s Self-Deceptions
Pete Beatty’s ‘Cuyahoga’ Images an Ohio, and a Country, Divided
Where Does American Foreign Policy Go From Here?
From Kafka to Kushner, Touring the 20th Century’s Jewish Canon
She Tumbled Into a Hole, and Her World Broke Open
John Brown and Abraham Lincoln: A Study in Contrasts
They Came for My Father Nearly 30 Years Ago. It Still Haunts Me.
Did the U.S. Try to Assassinate Lenin in 1918?
John Steinbeck, Bard of the American Worker
Fareed Zakaria Looks at Life After the Pandemic
What Happens When a Vacation Goes Wrong — and Not in a Funny Way?
Does an Intellectual History of the Trump Era Exist? It Does Now
The Problem Is in the Internet’s Bones
Eleanor Roosevelt, First Among First Ladies
What All That Touch Deprivation Is Doing to Us
‘The Good Lord Bird’ Is Good TV. But Mix Art and Slavery at Your Peril.
Mindy Kaling Doesn’t Want Your Pity
I Hallucinated When I Had Covid-19. Here’s What I Saw.
Bill O’Brien Wasn’t the Only Coach Presiding Over a Bad Start
It’s Not Only Women Who Want More Intimacy in Relationships
The French Open Cold Drives Kenin and Djokovic Toward the Drop Shot
Pumpkin Picking Is a Popular Pandemic Pick-Me-Up
For Kids at Home, ‘a Small Intervention Makes a Big Difference’
For Parents, a New Level of Big-Picture Anxiety
After Meat Workers Die of Covid-19, Families Fight for Compensation
Why a Hospital Might Shun a Black Patient
A Filmmaker Who Sees Prison Life With Love and Complexity
What It’s Like Living in 9 Parts of N.Y.C. Facing a New Lockdown
Sizing Up the Rural-Urban Travel Divide: Who’s Up and Who’s Down
Big Tech Was Their Enemy, Until Partisanship Fractured the Battle Plans
Pummeled by the Pandemic, Hotel Owners Get Creative With Their Space
In Louisville, Looking to Protests of the Past to Move Forward
Britain Is Getting Ready for Its Space Race
A Weekend House in ‘Core Cycling Country’
A Sonoma County House Built to Welcome Friends
‘War: How Conflict Shaped Us,’ by Margaret MacMillan: An Excerpt
‘The Zealot and the Emancipator,’ by H.W. Brands: An Excerpt
‘Earthlings,’ by Sayaka Murata: An Excerpt
The 10 Bellwether Counties That Show How Trump Is in Serious Trouble
America May Need International Intervention
Sabotage in the Liberal City
Coronavirus in N.Y.C.: Latest Updates
How a Small Bar Battled to Survive the Coronavirus
Nobel Prize in Physics Awarded to 3 Scientists for Work on Black Holes
Rational Fear
‘Don’t Be Afraid of It’?
‘Black Box’ Review: Memory and Loss
‘The Lie’ Review: A Child’s Crime, a Parental Conspiracy
‘Maybe I’m Immune, I Don’t Know’
Kyrgyzstan in Chaos After Protesters Seize Government Buildings
Yankees and Astros Look Formidable in the A.L. Playoffs
Kim Cattrall’s Hamptons Home for De-Stressing From the City
The Supreme Court revived a South Carolina law requiring a witness’s signature on absentee ballots.
Kamala Harris’s doubleheader: A debate and confirmation hearings with sky-high stakes.
In a campaign-style video, Trump says contracting Covid-19 was a risk he had to take as ‘your leader.’
Biden says those who don’t take virus precautions seriously are ‘responsible for what happens to them.’
Trump flouts health guidelines as Biden questions his ‘macho’ refusal to wear masks.
Weekly News Quiz for Students: Trump Infection, Virus Death Toll, Sports Championship
An Update on a Crucial District Attorney Race
A CNN poll taken after the debate finds Biden leading Trump by 16 points nationally.
Pompeo’s Message in Japan: Countering China Is Worth Meeting Face to Face
Monday Night Is Missing Its Mojo
Trump says he is pulling the plug on stimulus talks.
Recent Commercial Real Estate Transactions
LeBron James’s Teammates Beat Him, Then Joined Him
At Hunters Point South, a Popular Park Paves the Way for Housing
Oscar Grant’s Killing Will Be Investigated Again, D.A. Says
Michelle Obama expresses empathy for White House staff ‘touched by this virus’ and urges Americans to vote.
E.U. Court Rules Against Hungary Law Targeting Soros-Funded University
Can You Stop a Car With Your Hand?
Mexico Prepares for Hurricane Delta
She’s 13, and the Source of a Family’s Covid-19 Outbreak
What Should You Wear for Your Micro Wedding?
In ‘Next,’ a ‘Mad Men’ Star Gets Madder
Maduro Wins Chance of New Ruling Over Billions in Gold Held in U.K.
Mona Chalabi’s Week: Rewatching ‘Succession’ and Cooking ‘Disgusting’ Meals
Yankees Turn to a 21-Year-Old Rookie for His Unflappability
A judge extended Arizona’s voter registration deadline by three weeks, in a case that could land in the Supreme Court.
Kamala Harris and the Push to Cut Hospital Bills in California
Nerve Agent Was Used to Poison Navalny, Chemical Weapons Body Confirms
Distrust of China Jumps to New Highs in Democratic Nations
Trump Abruptly Ends Stimulus Talks After Fed Chair Urges Economic Support
Watch Full Video: Powell Speaks on the Pandemic Economic Recovery Efforts
National Book Awards Finalists Announced
A PAC led by a postal official is pouring $20 million into rescuing a Republican senator.
As Trump tries to project strength, his message gets amplified on Fox News.
Florida extends its voter registration deadline after its website crashes repeatedly.
The Rev. Edoardo Tamer, Who Ministered to Syrians in War, Dies at 83
The White House Bet on Abbott’s Rapid Tests. It Didn’t Work Out.
Kokomo Brings the West Indies to the Brooklyn Waterfront
Caribbean Food, All Dressed Up to Party at Kokomo in Brooklyn
MacArthur ‘Genius’ Grant Winners for 2020: The Full List
MacArthur Foundation Announces 21 ‘Genius’ Grant Winners
In Some Fancy London Houses, a New Model for the Art World
15 East at Tocqueville Merges Two Union Square Restaurants
No, the Coronavirus Is Not Like the Flu
‘S.N.L.’ Had a Live Audience. It Went Home With Paychecks.
Pentagon leaders are quarantining after being exposed to the virus.
WeChat Unites and Divides in America
Trump’s doctor says the president ‘reports no symptoms’ after his first night back at the White House.
The Pilgrimage Must Go On: Senegal Holds Festival That Could Draw Millions
‘Don’t Be Afraid of Covid,’ Trump Says. But Many Are.
Lumberjack, Tailor, Counselor, Host: A Hotel Owner Does It All in the Pandemic
A Musician’s White Whale: Perfectly Recreating the ‘Funky Drummer’ Beat
Florida Extends Registration Deadline After Voting Website Crashes
William Danforth, Who Led Washington University, Dies at 94
Maps: Tracking Hurricane Delta’s Path
It’s Time for the Debates to Go Remote
‘American Dreams’ Review: In this Game, Citizenship is the Prize
For Postal Workers, the Challenges Go Way Beyond Ballots
Trump Took $70,000 in Tax Deductions for Hair Care. Experts Say That’s Illegal.
Far-Right Extremism Taints German Security Services in Hundreds of Cases
White House Ignores Local Mandates, Giving Virus a New Hold in D.C.
Seeking a Partner for the End of the World
‘It Really Was Abandonment’: Virus Crisis Grips British Universities
Single Parents Finding Love: Over Zoom, of Course
All Her Dying Lovers
Tiny Love Stories: ‘We Kissed Through Our Masks’
One Woman’s Revenge Against the Nazis
Supreme Court Hears Case of Muslims on No-Fly List
80-Year-Old Is Killed After Asking Bar Patron to Wear Mask
Rafael Nadal, After a Late Night at the French Open, Will Face Diego Schwartzman in the Semifinals
Trump’s supporters in Pennsylvania echo his misinformation on the virus.
Cuomo Imposes Tight Virus Rules on Areas Hit by Spikes Across State
Watch Live: Biden Delivers Remarks in Gettysburg
Eddie Van Halen, Virtuoso of the Rock Guitar, Dies at 65
Jill Ellis Wants More Women on the Sideline
Arsenal Laid Off Its ‘Gunnersaurus’ Mascot. A Player Offered to Pay His Salary.
From Gettysburg, Biden Calls for Healing of a ‘House Divided’
Your Wednesday Briefing
Tim Kaine on What It’s Like to Debate Mike Pence
Black Stars, Classic Sitcoms and a Serious Message: Vote
Untangling the Story of a Deadly Blaze and ‘The Arsonist’ Who Lit It
In ‘Fauci,’ a Doctor Whose Work and Mission Have Been Shaped by Politics
What Was Patient Trump Most Afraid Of?
The House Antitrust Report on Big Tech
House Lawmakers Condemn Big Tech’s ‘Monopoly Power’ and Urge Their Breakups
Tim Kaine knows what it’s like to debate Mike Pence.
‘Zoo Motel’ Review: Got the Key. Where’s the Minibar?
Facebook Amps Up Its Crackdown on QAnon
‘Awkward’ Campus Job: Telling Other Students to Wear Masks
Cuomo Imposes New Restrictions to Curb Coronavirus Clusters
Whistle-Blowing Scientist Quits Government With Final Broadside
Saudi Prince Accuses Palestinian Leaders of Failing Palestinians
Trump May Have Covid, but Many of His Supporters Still Scoff at Masks
‘A Rainy Day in New York’ Review: How to Ruin Your Weekend
How to Prepare Your Bedroom for the Cold
A Positive Ad Campaign, if Only for a Weekend
After Resistance, Mike Pence Accepts Use of Plexiglass Barriers at Debate
Stimulus, Hurricane Delta, Eddie Van Halen: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Dusty Baker: The Beloved Manager Leading a Hated Team
Biden Calls for Unity in a ‘House Divided’
Emerging Directors, Re-emerging Horrors
The Hidden Wonders of a City, Made Visible
‘American Pie Presents: Girls’ Rules’ Review: Sex Comedy, Warmed Over
In Reversal, White House Approves Stricter Guidelines for Vaccine Makers
Artists Have Final Victory in a Case of Destroyed Graffiti
Delayed Homeland Security Report Warns of ‘Lethal’ White Supremacy
Robert K. Ruskin, Who Targeted New York Corruption, Dies at 93
12 Accusations in the Damning House Report on Amazon, Apple, Facebook and Google
New & Noteworthy Anthologies, From Climate Reporting to Gun Violence
Most Patients’ Covid-19 Care Looks Nothing Like Trump’s
Likability, Authenticity, Smiles: The Debate Tightrope for Kamala Harris
Why Doctors Aren’t So Sure Trump Is Feeling Better From Covid-19
As the virus consumes the U.S. government’s elite, Trump presides over a capital in chaos.
A St. Louis couple who pointed guns at protesters and appeared at the Republican convention are indicted by a grand jury.
N.H.L. Draft: Rangers Select Alexis Lafreniere With First Overall Pick
Trump Moves to Tighten Visa Access for High-Skilled Foreign Workers
Trump’s Not Superman. He’s Superspreader.
In-Person Debates Are Too Dangerous. Cancel Them.
‘We Need to Take Away Children,’ No Matter How Young, Justice Dept. Officials Said
Elect Joe Biden, America
Editor’s Note: Why The Times Editorial Board Endorsed Joe Biden for President
Climate Change and Poor Planning Are Blamed for California Blackouts
In the Sahara, the Solace of Community Baking
How Should Biden Campaign Against an Ailing Trump?
Take a Social Media Break Until You’ve Voted
Trump’s Return Leaves White House in Disarray as Infections Jolt West Wing
Biden says if Trump ‘still has Covid, we shouldn’t have a debate.’
Trump Insists He Is ‘Feeling Great’ as Most of Joint Chiefs Quarantine
For Trump, a Pattern of Denial, From the Virus to Russia to Climate Change
Piecing together clues, medical experts suggest Trump could be entering a pivotal phase in his fight against Covid-19.
Seattle Storm Win the W.N.B.A. Championship
Jail Employees Face Charges After Using ‘Baby Shark’ Song to Punish Inmates
Kind of Position
T. Rex Skeleton Brings $31.8 Million at Christie’s Auction
‘Siempre, Luis’ Review: A Latino Community Activist Puts on a Show
Eddie Van Halen’s 12 Essential Songs
Quotation of the Day: Seeing Trump’s Covid Care, Many Patients Seethe
Corrections: Oct. 7, 2020
Trump, U.K. Universities, Germany’s Far-Right: Your Wednesday Briefing
North Korean Diplomat, Missing Since 2018, Is in Seoul, Lawmaker Says
2020 French Open: What to Watch on Wednesday
Kamala Harris and Mike Pence Debate: What to Watch For
Hidden Beneath the Ocean’s Surface, Nearly 16 Million Tons of Microplastic
Word + Quiz: consortium
2020 Had the Warmest September on Record, Data Shows
Rays Jump on Yankees’ Pitching Trickery to Even Series
Trevor Noah: Trump Is Immune to Factual Information
Inside, Outside
Russell Wilson Leads the N.F.L. M.V.P. Race, but Josh Allen Is …
Mike Pence Brought Conservatives Home. What if They Don’t Need Him Anymore?
The Virus Surges in North Dakota, Filling Hospitals and Testing Attitudes
‘I Won’t Be Used as a Guinea Pig for White People’
Lesson of the Day: ‘35 Thoughts About Mario on Super Mario’s 35th Anniversary’
Abolish the Electoral College and Everyone Wins
Two of These Mail Ballot Signatures Are by the Same Person. Which Ones?
‘Tomboy’ Looks at Gender Roles, and Role-Playing, Through the Ages
Debut Novels About Seamy Underbellies and Dark Turns
How Trump Could Win Again, Even if He Loses
How the Pandemic Is Changing Our Exercise Habits
From Krispy Kreme to Weed: Inside 5 Businesses That Opened in Pandemic N.Y.
Are Presidential Debates Helpful to Voters? Or Should They Be Scrapped?
Will SoHo Be the Site of New York City’s Next Battle Over Development?
How President Trump Ruined Political Comedy
How Much Would Trump’s Coronavirus Treatment Cost Most Americans?
What We Can Learn From the Rise and Fall of ‘Political Blackness’
Why Women Are Biking in Record Numbers in N.Y.C.
Election Officials Are Preparing for Potential Unrest at the Polls
The Campaign to Silence Bollywood
Republicans Are Spending $60 Million on a Digital Get-Out-the-Vote Campaign
Google Chromecast Review: A Streaming Device That Gets Better the More It Knows
Get to Know These Black Bridal Designers
Alarmed by Scope of Wildfires, Officials Turn to Native Americans for Help
An Arms Dealer, an Ex-N.F.L. Player and Huge Federal Contracts for Medical Gowns
5 Minutes That Will Make You Love Baroque Music
What Does Retirement Look Like in a Pandemic?
The Glorious Absurdity of Paris Fashion
Venezuela, Once an Oil Giant, Reaches the End of an Era
Living In ... New Brunswick, N.J.
New Brunswick, N.J.: Big-City Amenities With a Small-Town Feel
In India, a Dance Haven Shuts Out the World
New England’s Forests Are Sick. They Need More Tree Doctors.
The Gender Reveal That Doesn’t
Takeaways from the congressional report on Big Tech.
Golden Dawn Found Guilty of Running Criminal Organization in Greece
How to Vote in N.Y.: The Deadlines You Need to Know
If Trump Loses the Election, What Happens to Trumpism?
Hurricane Delta Moves Into Gulf After Striking, but Mostly Sparing, Mexico
The Myth of Trump’s Political Genius, Exposed
Nobel Prize in Chemistry Awarded to 2 Scientists for Work on Genome Editing
How to Watch the Vice-Presidential Debate
Where Is This Pandemic Headed?
‘The Daily’: Where is this pandemic headed?
Trump Does Fear the Coronavirus
The Biggest Risk to This Election Is Not Russia. It’s Us.
Our Leader’s Life Is at Risk. Cue the Conspiracy Theories.
Parenting Was Never Meant to Be This Isolating
The Gray Revolt Against Trump
No Relief in Sight
‘Books of Blood’ Review: Not Quite a Page-Turner
‘Aggie’ Review: Portrait of an Art Collector by Her Daughter
A Dose of Vaccine Reality
The Trump administration awarded P.P.E. contracts to inexperienced companies.
New Zealand Stamps Out the Virus. For a Second Time.
Round 4 of the Cage Match Goes to … the Lakers
2 Men Found Guilty of Aiding 2013 Kenya Mall Attack
What Polling Tells Us Ahead of the Vice-Presidential Debate
Travis d’Arnaud, Long an October Footnote, Gets His Moment
Battle Over Mink Fur Almost Brings Down the Polish Government
Does Cancer Chemotherapy Increase My Covid Risks?
What Are the Rules for Tonight’s Debate? (Plexiglass Is Allowed, for One)
Laurie Santos Says Self-Care Doesn’t Have to Be Selfish
What You Get for $375,000
$375,000 Homes in Pennsylvania, Vermont and Texas
Berlin Trial Opens for Man Charged With Murder on Behalf of Russia
Backlash Grows in Orthodox Jewish Areas Over Virus Crackdown by Cuomo
This Castle (Almost) Survived the Hundred Years’ War
House Hunting in France: A Once-in-a-Millennium Castle for $3.3 Million
Montenegro’s most prominent cleric has tested positive.
Manhattan D.A. Can Obtain Trump’s Tax Returns, Judges Rule
Islamic State ‘Beatles’ Jailers Are Charged in Abuse of Murdered Hostages
SITI Company Announces Final Season
10 Monologues That Make Solo Music
It Takes One: How the Monologue Speaks Loudest in Lockdown
Here’s what polling tells us ahead of the debate.
Biden says if Trump ‘still has Covid, we shouldn’t have a debate.’
An attack ad targets a non-politician: Mark Zuckerberg.
Arizona Senate candidates sparred over health care and the president in their only debate.
Why this vice-presidential debate could be far different from its predecessors.
Republicans are spending $60 million on a digital get-out-the-vote campaign.
Eddie Van Halen, the Shredder Supreme
The Yankees Tried a Sneaky Move With All the Wrong Pieces
A court rules that Arizona voters must fix missing signatures by Election Day.
Mapo Tofu Wins the Day
‘Baptized in Blackness’: Why Homecoming Is Vital to the Black College Experience
Welcome to Homecoming!
Hurricane Delta Hits Mexico
How to watch tonight’s vice-presidential debate.
Johnny Nash, Who Sang ‘I Can See Clearly Now,’ Dies at 80
N.F.L.’s Coronavirus Cases Rise With New Positive Tests
A $200 Winter Round Trip to the Tropics?
How Will Pence Fare vs. Harris? 5 Moments From 2016 Offer Clues
Joseph L. Bruno, Power Broker in New York Senate, Dies at 91
Hillary Clinton and Stacey Abrams accuse the Trump campaign of encouraging voter intimidation.
Metallica’s Kirk Hammett: Eddie Van Halen ‘Blew Open Everyone’s Minds’
Modern Science Didn’t Appear Until the 17th Century. What Took So Long?
The plexiglass barriers at tonight’s debate will be pretty useless, virus experts say.
The Manhattan D.A. can obtain Trump’s tax returns, an appeals panel rules.
New York City Shopping Inches Back. No Store Required.
The World According to Bad Bunny
These Americans Are Determined to Cast a Last Ballot Before Dying
Putin, whose government has been accused of aiding Trump, praises Democrats in an interview.
U.S. Announces Multiple Charges for Islamic State ‘Beatles’ Jailers
Covid, Climate and Denial
A Choir Finds a Way to Sing. Just Ignore the Steering Wheel.
Congress Agrees: Big Tech Is Broken.
With Three Simple Words, Thomas Jefferson Byrd Etched a Memory
Trump ad enlists an ex-football player (and accused insider trader) to tout the president’s criminal justice reform.
Inside the C.I.A.
The Biden campaign talks up Mike Pence’s debate skills before he faces Kamala Harris.
LeBron James Is Mr. October This Year
Biden Leads Trump in Nevada and the Two Are Tied in Ohio, Polls Show
British Dorms on Lockdown After Coronavirus Outbreaks
Theater to Stream: Scotland Speaks and Nurses Get Their Say
Lyon Gardiner Tyler Jr., Grandson of the 10th President, Dies at 95
Biden leads Trump in Nevada and the two are tied in Ohio, New York Times polls find.
BuzzFeed News Pulls Reporter From White House, Citing Virus Risk
In Scuttling Stimulus Talks, Trump Invites Political Risk for Himself and Republicans
A New Jersey postal worker was arrested after he threw away nearly 100 blank ballots, prosecutors say.
Netflix Is Charged in Texas With Promoting Lewdness in ‘Cuties’
Cooking Class | Yabu Pushelberg
A Surprisingly Simple Fish Dish From a High-Concept Design Duo
The Promise and the Reality of Gene Editing
The South Carolina Senate race between Lindsey Graham and Jaime Harrison is now rated a ‘toss-up’ by a prominent analyst.
Can You Spot One of These Migrating Birds?
Texas’s Supreme Court upholds extension of early voting but strikes down Houston’s plan to expand mail-in balloting.
QAnon Believers Say Being Banned From Facebook Is Proof of the Conspiracy
Derek Chauvin, Ex-Officer Charged in George Floyd’s Death, Is Released on Bail
Plexiglass Barriers Won’t Stop the Virus at the Debate, Experts Warn
Who Will Win the 2020 Nobel Prize in Literature?
De Blasio Says New Restrictions Will Go Into Effect on Thursday
This Year’s Nobel Prize in Chemistry Honors a Revolution
A Digital Ailey Season Celebrates ‘Revelations’ at 60
Your Thursday Briefing
A ‘Great Gatsby’ Quote Takes On New Resonance
The Artist Charles Gaines Creates a Fellowship for Black Students
The family of an Arizona woman killed by members of the Islamic State will be Pence’s guests at the debate.
The Times Endorses Joe Biden, and Readers Applaud
Putin, Long the Sower of Instability, Is Now Surrounded by It
Polls show Biden edging out Trump in Iowa and Wisconsin and holding firm leads in Pennsylvania and Florida.
Why Conspiracy Theories Are So Addictive Right Now
Fancy Cars, Fine Dining, Creator Mansions, Cash: Triller Is Shelling Out for Talent
I’m Jealous of the ‘Easy’ Pregnancy I Never Had
A North Dakota candidate who died of Covid-19 remains on the ballot.
Studying Bad Bunny, and Finding All of Puerto Rico
How We Exercise During a Pandemic
Plexiglass and preparations as the vice-presidential candidates gear up for a high-stakes debate.
For a Second Series of Play Readings: More Shows, More Stars
Welcome to the New Modern Love Podcast
My Patients Can’t Take Trump’s Advice
Nevada Halts Use of Rapid Coronavirus Tests in Nursing Homes, Citing Inaccuracies
Trump returned to the Oval Office even as the White House outbreak grew.
Matthew Williams on His Givenchy Debut and What Kanye Taught Him
Hear the Brilliance of Eddie Van Halen
Supreme Court Hears Copyright Battle Between Google and Oracle
Notre Dame’s President Faces an Angry Campus After Getting the Coronavirus
Mark Andrews, North Dakota Farmer-Politician, Dies at 94
Barrett refused to divulge her legal views on health care and abortion rights on a call, Coons says.
In a First, New England Journal of Medicine Joins Never-Trumpers
Rebuking Trump, The New England Journal of Medicine calls for ousting the nation’s ‘dangerously incompetent’ leaders.
Anxious for a Lifeline, the U.S. Economy Is Left to Sink or Swim
The Artist John Newman Says a Fake Check Scam Cost Him $12,000
Fed Officials Warned of Slowdown Without Stimulus
Facebook Widens Ban on Political Ads as Alarm Rises Over Election
Djokovic and Kenin Push Through to French Open Semifinals
Citigroup is fined $400 million over ‘longstanding’ internal problems.
Wait, Wall Street Is Pro-Biden Now?
A Trump-supporting plexiglass manufacturer on plexiglass getting political.
4 Art Gallery Shows to See Right Now
California Sunday Suspends Publication After Emerson Collective Pulls Out
A New Issue Grips the Campaign: Debate Safety
Facebook will ban political ads indefinitely after polls close on Nov. 3, as alarm rises over the election.
2020 Debate, Stimulus Bill, Homecoming: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing
‘I think this was a blessing from God that I caught it,’ Trump says of the virus in a new video.
As Harris prepares to take the debate stage, Asian-Americans flood Twitter with stories of their ‘sheroes.’
There’s Not Much Work for Actors. Now Their Unions Are Fighting.
New York Grandparents Are Kidnapped and Taken to Canada
Biden will resume airing negative ads against Trump.
Taylor Swift, leaning further into politics, endorses Joe Biden and Kamala Harris.
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
An appeals court has rejected another attempt by the Trump administration to end the census early.
See the Black Art Remaking Our Culture
Some Republicans Seem to Think This Isn’t Going to Go Their Way
New York Needs the Faithful to Help Stop the Coronavirus
Justice Dept. Eases Election Fraud Inquiry Constraints as Trump Promotes False Narrative
Stars Bring a Broadway Tune Back to Times Square, Unexpectedly
Morgan Wallen Loses ‘S.N.L.’ Music Spot for Violating Virus Rules
That Airport Spa? It’s a Coronavirus Testing Clinic
A Guide to New Horror Movies This Month
Trump promotes an experimental treatment, as Biden calls his virus approach ‘a tragedy.’
Full Video: The Pence-Harris V.P. Debate
Full Analysis of the Pence-Harris VP Debate
How do you lose an ‘S.N.L.’ gig? Ask Morgan Wallen.
Millions of Views Later, Nathan Apodaca Keeps the Vibe Going
U.S. Seeks to Draw Down Its Troops in Afghanistan to 2,500 by Early 2021
The head of the White House security office is critically ill with Covid-19.
Man Pleads Guilty to Killing and Burning a Utah College Student
‘Greatest Failure,’ Harris Calls Trump’s Coronavirus Response
Pence Defends Trump’s Response to Coronavirus
Harris and Pence Clash on Coronavirus Vaccine
Trump Calls His Illness ‘a Blessing From God’
Regeneron Asks F.D.A. for Emergency Approval for Drug That Trump Claimed Cured Him
Puckered
Look for People to Scam Online
Maya Wiley Enters Mayor’s Race: ‘I Am Not a Conventional Candidate’
Nevada halts use of rapid coronavirus tests in nursing homes, citing inaccuracies.
Pence and Harris Go Head-to-Head on Taxes
Harris and Pence Clash on Climate Change
An exchange about Breonna Taylor and George Floyd crystallizes the candidates’ opposing views on racial justice.
Pence faults Biden in Kayla Mueller’s killing, saying she could have been rescued from ISIS.
Who Do You Think Won the Debate: Harris or Pence?
Harris Calls Trump’s Refusal to Condemn Racism ‘Part of a Pattern’
A fly sat atop Mike Pence’s head for two minutes during the V.P. debate.
Pence and Harris Square Off Over Abortion
Virus Takes Center Stage as Pence and Harris Skirmish in Debate
Harris Dodges Pence on Packing Supreme Court
A Fly Landed on Mike Pence
Pence Deflects Question on Accepting Election Results
Corrections: Oct. 8, 2020
U.S. Vice-Presidential Debate, New Zealand, Vladimir Putin: Your Thursday Briefing
Kamala Harris calls Trump’s virus response the ‘greatest failure of any presidential administration.’
‘I’m Speaking,’ Harris Says After Pence Interrupts
Quotation of the Day: This Could Be Their Last Vote. They Won’t Skip It.
2020 French Open: Women’s Semifinal Preview
N.F.L. Week 5 Predictions: Our Picks Against the Spread
Pence, Peerless Trump Defender, Confronts His Limits
Kamala Harris faced a double standard on the debate stage.
How the Internet Viewed the Vice-Presidential Debate
Watch: Highlights From the 2020 Vice-Presidential Debate
Karen Pence Appears Without a Mask
Six Takeaways From the Vice-Presidential Debate
Feeble Hitting and Tanaka’s Poor Start Put Yankees on the Brink
Word + Quiz: brusque
Stella McCartney Had a Question: ‘Why on Earth Would You Be in Fashion?’
Late Night Buzzes Over Mike Pence’s Fly
A Deep Pool of Soccer Talent Is Drying Up. Why?
France and Me: A Complicated Dance
Train in Twilight
How a Virus Surge Among Orthodox Jews Became a Crisis for New York
After a Cinderella British Open Win, a New Star Adjusts to Golf’s Majors
Dystopian Sound Show, Fresh From London, Heads to North America
Mary Poppins Returns! Some Modern Families Seek a Governess
Lesson of the Day: ‘A Battle for the Souls of Black Girls’
Live, From New York’s Streets: The Philharmonic
N.H.L. Draft: Rangers Go Big, While Devils and Islanders Look for Scorers
The virus dominates the vice-presidential debate between Pence and Harris.
Pandemic Exposes Holes in Sweden’s Generous Social Welfare State
David Byrne Likes Reading Aloud to His Friends
Hilary Mantel Takes On Royals and Rebels in a Book of Essays
He Wanted a Two-Bedroom in Harlem for Under $700,000. Which of These Would You Choose?
Jodi Picoult Waited to Write ‘The Book of Two Ways.’ Her Timing Was Impeccable.
Killer Mike Says He Has a Choice to Make
For New Widow, ‘Horrible Days.’ Then More Help Arrived.
Uncertainty Is Hope
How to Tell a Great Bedtime Story
Do You Love Writing or Receiving Letters?
How Covid-19 and Power Tools Helped Heal My Relationship With My Son
A Writer-Director-Star Breaks Through. It Only Took a Lifetime.
Fashion Forward Bridal Masks for Your Walk Down the Aisle
Why Don’t Young People Vote, and What Can Be Done About It?
What Happened to South America’s Missing Mega-Mammals?
When You Have Enough, It’s Time to Help Others
After a Hospital Stay for Covid, Patients May Face Months of Rehabilitation
Questions for Amy Coney Barrett
Pandemic Travel, With Another Family or Maybe Three
The Baby Boomer Bond Dilemma
Their Buzzy Off Broadway Play Shut Down. Here’s What They Did Next.
A Columnist Makes Sense of Wall Street Like None Other (See Footnote)
A Disrupted Thanksgiving Leaves the Turkey Business Guessing
Under Pence, Politics Regularly Seeped Into the Coronavirus Task Force
Stanley Cup Revelry Has Mostly Proceeded as Normal. One Tradition May Not.
Dries Van Noten on How to Make an Old Shirt a Piece of Art
Is There a Place for the President of the Confederacy?
Best and Worst Moments of the Kamala Harris-Mike Pence Debate: ‘Most Bizarre Moment Was the Fly’
Mike Pence’s Debate Performance Bugged Me Out
‘A Devastating Blow’: Virus Kills 81 Members of Native American Tribe
A wave of death in Sweden’s nursing homes has exposed holes in a famously generous safety net.
After testing positive, Notre Dame’s president faces outrage over a failure to wear a mask.
The Future of Wealthy SoHo
Watch 6 Standout Moments From Harris and Pence at the Debate
New Safety Features in Cars (or Just New to You)
Dividend Funds Can Add Income, and Risk, to Your Portfolio
Plexiglass and Civility: The Vice-Presidential Debate
In Paris, a Proust Adaptation for the Ages
How cuts to Sweden’s social welfare state led to a wave of death in nursing homes.
The V.P. Debate
How to Use Your Heart and Head to Hack Your Personal Finance
In the Path of Six Major Storms Since June, Louisiana Braces for Delta
A New Activist Playbook
A devastated Native American community shows the virus’s deadly toll on tribal nations.
‘Faith Ba$ed’ Review: Praying for Laughs
‘Yellow Rose’ Review: A Timely Tale of Country Music Dreams
‘Charm City Kings’ Review: Growing Up, and Almost Spinning Out
Who Won the Vice-Presidential Debate? Experts Weigh In
A New Kind of Fund That Is Stingier With Information
Oh, the Memories of Normal Debates
Louise Glück Is Awarded Nobel Prize in Literature
Britain is said to be weighing the tightening of restrictions in hard-hit parts of the country.
Manila orders karaoke silence for students’ sake.
A Debate Full of Divides, Some Visible, Some Transparent
Randy Arozarena Can’t Stop Hitting
Campaigns Spar Over Debate Plan After Trump Rejects Virtual Face-Off
In Spain, Madrid’s highest court annuls a federal lockdown.
Prince William Announces New Prize Aimed at ‘Repairing’ the Planet
Hong Kong Heist Snares $645 Million in Valuables, Including Mao Scrolls
Today’s polls, as we get them.
The next presidential debate will be virtual, but Trump says he won’t participate.
When a Fly Ruins Your Image
Library of Congress Acquires Archives of the National Woman’s Party
Hong Kong officials warn of a new wave of infections.
What to Know About the Vice-Presidential Debate
Jobless claims in the U.S. remain well above pre-pandemic levels.
Pence, a peerless Trump defender, confronted his limits at the debate.
Who won the vice-presidential debate?
The virus took center stage in the skirmish between Mike Pence and Kamala Harris.
The vice president, like Trump, evaded a question on a peaceful transfer of power.
What a fly on a candidate’s head tells us about America (just kidding, here are the jokes).
Millennials Face a Steep Climb to Homeownership
Black LinkedIn Is Thriving. Does LinkedIn Have a Problem With That?
On the Market in the New York Region
Homes for Sale in New York and Connecticut
Homes for Sale in New York City
Homes for Sale in Brooklyn, Manhattan and Queens
A top health official in Germany warns, ‘It is possible that the virus spreads uncontrolled.’
Microsoft Says App Stores Should Be More Competitive
Jim Dwyer, Pulitzer Prize-Winning Journalist, Dies at 63
Protests Spread Across Indonesia Over Jobs Law
Texas Punk Rock, Straight From the Pit
Friends Recall Hearing Trump Accuser’s Claims in 1997
beabadoobee Made Bedroom Pop. Now She’s Turning Up the Volume.
ICM Partners Buys Stellar Group, Acquiring a Foothold in Soccer
Guggenheim’s Top Curator Is Out as Inquiry Into Basquiat Show Ends
Can You Watch My Son? (And Your Husband’s Rifle?)
‘Rural Surge’ Propels India Toward More Covid-19 Infections Than U.S.
Decision Not to Charge Wisconsin Officer in Fatal Shooting Draws Protests
The T List: Five Things We Recommend This Week
Iga Swiatek and Sofia Kenin Will Meet in the French Open Final
Maya Wiley, ex-lawyer for Mayor de Blasio and commentator, is running for mayor of New York.
Colleges Are Fueling the Pandemic in a Classic Market Failure
People With This Mutation Can’t Smell Stinky Fish
Biden, Harris and Pence are all visiting Arizona today.
Harris vs. Pence: ‘Never Has Something So Boring Been So Appreciated’
The First Semester of College Has Never Been Stranger
Pelosi rules out aid covering only airlines as Trump claims stimulus talks are back on.
‘That Intrepid Fly Respected the Two-Minute Time Limit’
Brazil surpasses 5 million virus cases, even as the pace of confirmed infections slows.
While Millions Lost Jobs, Some Executives Made Millions in Company Stock
What’s Going On in This Graph? | Consumer Spending During the Pandemic
Amy Sillman’s Breakthrough Moment Is Here
Maynard Solomon, Provocative Biographer of Composers, Dies at 90
Florida Principal in Holocaust Dispute Is Reinstated
F.B.I. Says Michigan Anti-Government Group Plotted to Kidnap Gov. Gretchen Whitmer
11 Reality Shows to Watch With Your Older Kids
How the White House Flouted Basic Coronavirus Rules
Hawaii will stop requiring quarantine for travelers who have recent negative tests.
The Chaotic Circle of Caregiving
False Rumors Often Start at the Top
How Will We Know a 2nd Virus Wave Has Arrived in N.Y.C.?
Brain Surgery for a ‘Sweet Boy’: Saving Cronutt the Sea Lion
‘Staggeringly High’: U.S. Jobless Claims Remained Elevated Last Week
Louise Glück, a Nobel Laureate Whose Poems Have Abundant Intellect and Deep Feeling
Stephen Barnes, Partner in Law Firm With Cellino, Dies at 61
For Northern Rhône Reds, It’s Not the Age but the Emotions
Turmoil, Strife and Wine: Reds From Lebanon
Ardeth Platte, Dominican Nun and Antinuclear Activist, Dies at 84
‘Time’ Review: What We Really Mean When We Say Mass Incarceration
‘The Forty-Year-Old Version’ Review: Rapper’s Delight
‘We’re not a democracy,’ says Mike Lee, a Republican senator. That’s a good thing, he adds.
Need an Essential Chronicler of America? Try This Nonfiction Master
Orthodox Jewish Neighborhoods Protest Coronavirus Restrictions
Here Are Some Memorable Lines from Louise Glück
Harry and Meghan Get an Apology After Suing Paparazzi
They’re voting as if it’s their last chance, which it might well be.
Maurice Edwards, Busy Figure in Theater and Music, Dies at 97
A Gallery Resurgence in Chelsea
What’s Special About Bat Viruses? What We Don’t Know Could Hurt Us
Pelosi Rules Out Stand-Alone Coronavirus Aid for Airlines
Review: A Dystopian ‘Swan Lake’ Bridges Ballet and Modern Dance
What We Know About Daniel Prude’s Case and Death
Kamala Harris Knows How to Win Elections
The Many Sides of Novak Djokovic, Out There for All to See
IBM, Seeing Its Future in the Cloud, Breaks Off I.T. Unit
Why Trump Disdains a Virtual Debate
Mark Meadows threw a 70-person indoor wedding for his daughter, flouting coronavirus restrictions.
The Conflict Between Armenia and Azerbaijan Could Spiral Out of Control
What We Learned From the Vice-Presidential Debate
With ‘Cure’ Comment, Trump Exaggerates Known Benefits of Another Covid-19 Therapy
Elliott Broidy, a Top Trump Fund-Raiser, Charged in Foreign Influence Case
U.S. budget deficit topped a record $3 trillion for 2020 fiscal year.
Afghan War Casualty Report: October 2020
Migrant Boy Dies After Confinement on Italian Quarantine Ship
7 Things to Do This Weekend
Your Friday Briefing
Workers With Health Insurance Face Rising Out-of-Pocket Costs
‘The Haunting of Bly Manor’ Brings Back the Ghosts of Henry James
What Students Are Saying About Socially-Distant Friendships, School Accountability and Lessons From Animals
‘I Was Unprepared’: Louise Glück on Poetry, Aging and a Surprise Nobel Prize
11 New Books We Recommend This Week
Are You Voting Early? Share the Moment With Us
Bishop Giovanni D’Alise, Italian Bishop Who Defended South, Dies at 72
U.S. Appeals Injunction Against TikTok Ban
‘Hubie Halloween’ Review: No Tricks, Few Treats
Judges Hear Arguments in President Trump’s Biggest Climate Rollback
A Low-Income Quarter Needs to Grow. A Prized Forest Could Pay the Price.
New N.Y.C. Virus Shutdown Brings Confusion, Anger and Lawsuits
Film Club: ‘‘Baptized in Blackness’: Why Homecoming Is Vital to the Black College Experience’
How Much Watching Time Do You Have This Weekend?
The Plot Against Gretchen Whitmer Shows the Danger of Private Militias
Labor Board Accuses Google Contractor of Violating Union Rights
Pence-Harris Debate Is No. 2 in Vice-Presidential Ratings, With 58 Million TV Viewers
Trump Suggests Gold Star Families May Be to Blame for His Infection
U.S. Issues Additional Sanctions Against Iranian Banks
Smoking Through Covid? You’re Not Alone
Michigan, 2020 Debates, Thanksgiving Turkeys: Your Thursday Evening Briefing
Trump’s Covid-19 Scare Propels Him to Record Facebook Engagement
Fire Engulfs South Korea High-Rise, Forcing Hundreds to Evacuate
Dead, Alive, on Life Support? Confusion Reigns on Stimulus as Talks Continue
Wolverines Don’t Require Protection, U.S. Officials Rule
The Trouble in the South Caucasus Extends Far Beyond One Small Enclave
Mohammad Reza Shajarian, Iranian Master Singer and Dissident, Dies at 80
Former Guantánamo Bay Commander Sentenced to 2 Years in Prison
Trump Is Killing the Economy Out of Spite
Tory Lanez Charged With Assault in Shooting of Megan Thee Stallion
Trump’s Covid Treatments Were Tested in Cells Derived From Fetal Tissue
A Trump-Pence Strategy on the Virus: Interrupt, Distract, Change the Subject
Don’t Let Amazon Get Any Bigger
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
France Toughens Virus Restrictions
Dodge City
Supreme Court Won’t Immediately Revive Abortion-Pill Restriction
Inside the People of Praise, the Tight-Knit Faith Community of Amy Coney Barrett
Diet Star Tanya Zuckerbrot Files Suit Against Enduring Instagram Critic
Jim Dwyer, About New York
Justice Dept. Sues Yale, Citing Illegal Race Discrimination
Trump’s doctor says he’s completed his Covid-19 treatments and can return to ‘public engagements’ on Saturday.
Is the Electoral College a Problem? Does It Need to Be Fixed?
Lesson of the Day: How Does the Electoral College Work and Why Does It Matter?
Live Panel for Students: Rethinking the Electoral College
Trump Lashes Out at His Cabinet With Calls to Indict Political Rivals
Facebook and the Group That Planned to Kidnap Gretchen Whitmer
N.F.L. Postpones More Games Because of Positive Coronavirus Tests
Australia, Tell Us the Places in the World You Love the Most
Day After Debate, the Campaign’s Focus Moves to Arizona
Quotation of the Day: Whitmer Said to Be Targeted in Kidnap Plot
Corrections: Oct. 9, 2020
The Astros, Suddenly Dominant at the Plate, Are Back in the A.L.C.S.
Sweden, U.S. Election, French Open: Your Friday Briefing
Trump Could Be Back in Public by Saturday. Experts Worry It’s Too Soon.
Trump Appointee Is Turning Voice of America Into Partisan Outlet, Lawsuit Says
‘The War With Grandpa’ Review: Robert De Niro Gets Juvenile
My Best Friend Is Gone, and Nothing Feels Right
2020 French Open: Men’s Semifinal Preview
The French Open Will Probably Finish. But This Tournament Has Not Been Normal.
Yankees Beat Back the Rays, Giving Gerrit Cole a Shot at Game 5
Word + Quiz: vector
Paid to Laugh
An Afghan Boy’s Rape and Death Prompt a Rare Response: Arrests
Daniel Prude Was in ‘Mental Distress.’ Police Treated Him Like a Suspect.
Jimmy Fallon Riffs on Mike Pence’s Fly and Pink Eye
News Quiz: Regeneron, Coronavirus, Eddie Van Halen
Some chief executives have made a killing in the stock market this year.
The Marshall Plan, Netflix and Other Letters to the Editor
New in Paperback: ‘Janis’ and ‘Grand Union’
Examining the Fraught Subject of Guns and Police
Equal Partners Who Love to Talk
In Pursuit of a Perfect Spot
What Matters Is They Get the Joke
How Parents Can Support Teenagers in the Pandemic College Process
How Many Children Do I Have? It’s Not So Simple
Two Cups of Coffee and Buckets of Rain
Reading All the Books on Nike, Déjà Vu Sets In
How a Jazz Musician Who Gives Free Shows in Brooklyn Spends His Sundays
Talk Radio Is Turning Millions of Americans Into Conservatives
Braves Buck Their Narrative and Break Through to the N.L.C.S.
How Will We Cope With the Pandemic Fall?
What Happens if Trump Won’t Leave?
Even as the Economy Grew, More Children Lost Health Insurance
Is N.Y.C. ‘Over’? These Brand-New New Yorkers Don’t Think So
Customers Still Like to Shop in Person, Even if They Get Only to the Curb
Spotify, Solar Power and Beer Cans: How 3 Investors Beat the Market
‘If No Tourists Come, I Have No Business’: New York’s Tourism Crisis
New York Real Estate Is On the Mend
The Northeast Held the Virus in Check. Now Cases Are Inching Up Again.
Chevron’s Purchase Could Unlock Israel’s Natural Gas Bonanza
Man’s Best Friend Once Made Nice Wool Blankets, Too
Finding the Right Path in an Up-and-Down Market
Trump’s Struggles Ripple Across the Sun Belt, Endangering G.O.P. Stronghold
Do Cuomo’s New Covid Rules Discriminate Against Religion?
Weekly Health Quiz: Trump, Coronavirus and Pandemic Dreams
Don’t Give Up on America
Donald Trump’s Alternate Constitutional Reality
Court Packing Can Be an Instrument of Justice
‘Eventually, slowly, it comes back’: The U.S. Northeast sees signs of a second wave.
What Makes Mike Pence’s Complicity So Chilling
The Ceremony Was Embargoed
Let Me Count the Waze
Two Animal Lovers Meet at a Tiki Bar
That ‘Whole Opposites Thing’ Worked Out Just Fine
World Food Program Awarded Nobel Peace Prize for Work During Pandemic
The Baristas Finally Get to Recommend the Champagne
Panic in the Parking Lot for Cash
Tropical Storm Delta Strikes a Louisiana Region That Was Already Reeling
What to Know About N.Y.C.’s Virus Hot Spots
What’s Green, Soggy and Fights Climate Change?
Value Stocks May Offer Best Prospects in Emerging Markets
The Field: The Battle for Pennsylvania’s White Working Class
What if Local and Diverse Is Better Than Networked and Global?
He’s Sorry for His Bad Reviews. He May Now Avoid Prison.
Domestic Terrorism
A Surging Virus. Angry Packers Fans. Can Trump Hold On to Wisconsin?
Morgan Stanley’s Makeover
Curbside pickup is another innovation that is likely to outlast the pandemic.
Azerbaijan and Armenia Agree to Cease-Fire in Nagorno-Karabakh
Militants in Mali Free 4 Hostages After Government Releases Prisoners
Trump, on Sean Hannity’s show, projects optimism about resuming rallies this weekend.
Yelp Says It Will Mark Pages of Businesses Accused of Racist Conduct
Trump says he wants to hold a rally on Saturday after his doctor cleared him to resume public events.
The virus is surging in Wisconsin. Can Trump hold on there?
Trump’s struggles ripple across the Sun Belt, a traditional G.O.P. stronghold.
The day after the V.P. debate, the campaign’s focus moved to Arizona.
Return Looted Art to Former Colonies, Dutch Committee Tells Government
Did Tom Brady Forget It Was Fourth Down? It Sure Looked Like It
Spain uses emergency powers to lock down Madrid.
An Update on Reopening California
A judge refused to extend Florida’s registration deadline despite a glitch that may have blocked thousands.
The Island Brokers Are Overwhelmed
A Challenge to Real Estate Commissions Gains Ground
Private Schools Hold New Attraction for Rich Parents
Looking for Escapist TV? Try Home Design Shows
Over 1,600 clergy members and other religious figures endorse Biden.
From Hiding, Kyrgyzstan’s Leader Declares State of Emergency
Broadway Will Remain Closed at Least Through May
A pro-Trump super PAC commits $10 million to anti-Biden ads in pivotal states.
House Democrats propose a commission to determine whether the president is fit to govern.
Biden is campaigning in Nevada and Trump held a ‘virtual rally’ on Limbaugh’s show.
The Coronavirus Unveiled
The Cleveland Orchestra, America’s Finest, Restarts Recording
Biden hits Trump on his reported ‘suckers and losers’ remark as part of a fall ad blitz.
What to Cook This Weekend
Can Democracy Work in Soccer?
Indian Police Accuse Popular TV Station of Ratings Fraud
5 Books to Help Your Child Understand Columbus Day
Jets Have a Coronavirus Scare Before a Test Result Turns Out to Be a False Positive
This Year, ‘The Great British Baking Show’ Offers Extra Sweet Normalcy
A federal judge expands Ohio ballot drop boxes, handing a victory to voting rights groups.
Henry Golding Drew on His Own Cultural Confusion in ‘Monsoon’
Coronavirus Lockdown ‘Could Have All Been Avoided,’ Madrid’s Residents Say
Behind the Cover: The Culture Issue
John Ratcliffe Pledged to Stay Apolitical. Then He Began Serving Trump’s Political Agenda.
Black Trustees Join Forces to Make Art Museums More Diverse
Trump’s Taxes Show He Engineered a Sudden Windfall in 2016
Jeff Tweedy’s Homesick Tune, and 11 More New Songs
House Democrats Proposes Commission to Evaluate Trump’s Fitness to Govern
A Taste of France Without Venturing Too Far
At a Reduced Frieze Week, a Focus on Black Art
Twitter Will Turn Off Some Features to Fight Election Misinformation
Whitey Ford, Beloved Yankees Pitcher Who Confounded Batters, Dies at 91
Small-Business Loans Will Be Forgiven, but Don’t Ask How
Are Straight People OK? And Other Questions About Love and Sexuality
Rafael Nadal Could Tie the Men’s Majors Record at the French Open. Novak Djokovic Is in His Way.
Recipes You Love
The Weekender
Clash Over Municipal Loan Program Delays Stimulus Report
Trump and Biden are statistically tied in Georgia, new poll finds, with critical Senate races also in play.
A Poignant Take on the Controversy Surrounding Public Monuments
You Won’t Want to Share This Roasted Cauliflower
Mario J. Aranda, Advocate for Immigrant Rights, Dies at 79
Gay Marriage, Religion and the Court
At Disney World, ‘Worst Fears’ About Virus Have Not Come True
Love Letter: Losing a Friend to Covid
5 Were Cleared to Leave Guantánamo. Then Trump Was Elected.
As Virus Surges in Europe, Resistance to New Restrictions Also Grows
E.U. Members to Adopt Travel Guidelines as Coronavirus Spreads
What We Know About the Alleged Plot to Kidnap Michigan’s Governor
The Fate of Refugees After World War II
Louise Penny’s Most Haunting Novel Yet
Chinatown Museum Gets $3 Million After Fire Threatens Its Archives
Officials Demand Answers After ICE Agents Stopped a Black Jogger
The Tech That Might Help Cyclists and Cars Coexist Safely
15% of Virus Tests Are Positive, and Few Wear Masks in One Orthodox Suburb
Kamala Harris’s ‘Canadian Dream’
Kamala Harris and the ‘Double Bind’ of Racism and Sexism
Seeing a New Disease but the Same Neglect in ‘Angels in America’
A Life of James Beard Stocked With Tasty Morsels
How Rhode Island Reopened Schools
Henrik Lundqvist Signs With Washington Capitals
Why Black Parents Don’t Dare to Indulge
David Hasselhoff and Cheetos: Pandemic Art Goes ’80s
What Moral Philosophy Tells Us About Our Reactions to Trump’s Illness
Cuomo’s Restrictions on Synagogues in Virus Hot Spots Can Go Forward
Concerns About Trump’s Erratic Behavior
The Private Sector Can’t Pay for Everything
Local Officials Tell Louisiana Residents to ‘Hunker Down’
An Alternate Reality In Which Famous Writers Deal With Lockdown
Democrats Zero In on President’s Fitness for Office as Election Looms
Biden Says He’ll Have to Win Election ‘Overwhelmingly’
What to Read This Weekend
Gary Pettus Dies at 70; Used Skills ‘To Bless the Lives of People’
What Went Viral This Week
Chinese State TV to Air N.B.A. for First Time Since Hong Kong Rift
‘Tehran’ Is the Latest Israeli Thriller, Emphasis on Thrills
Federal Official Threatens Nevada for Halting Rapid Tests in Nursing Homes
Scientist Accused of Hiding Chinese Funds Sues Harvard, Saying It Abandoned Him
Some Conservatives Rally Behind Teenager Charged in Protesters’ Deaths
A Bar’s Struggle to Survive the Virus
Carol Paumgarten, ‘Den Mother’ to a Dance Scene, Dies at 76
Trump Told Supporters to ‘Watch’ Voting. His Staff Is More Than Watching.
The Miami Heat Hold On to Beat the Lakers in Game 5
In a Golden Era for the Yankees, the Mound Belonged to Whitey Ford
Trump’s Testimonial Is a Double-Edged Sword for Regeneron
White House Blocked C.D.C. From Requiring Masks on Public Transportation
Stimulus, Trump Taxes, Twitter: Your Friday Evening Briefing
Doc Antle of ‘Tiger King’ Is Charged With Wildlife Trafficking
Trump Raises Stimulus Offer to $1.8 Trillion Days After Halting Negotiations
Second Debate Canceled as Biden Condemns Trump for ‘Reckless’ Conduct
Why Michigan Is Considered ‘Fertile’ Ground for Anti-Government Extremists
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Channing Dungey is leaving Netflix after less than two years.
Trump Pushed False Claims of Voter Fraud as Justice Dept. Moved to Investigate Matter
Apple Does Not Need to Return Fortnite to App Store, Judge Rules
Listen Up: These Young Black Poets Have a Message
The Future of Poetry, in 10 Poems
In the Rising Voices of 10 Young Poets, a Call for Change
Let’s Make a Deal
A.O.C.’s Mistake in Pulling Out of a Rabin Memorial
Hurricane Delta Brings High Winds and Rain to Louisiana’s Coast
Election Less Than a Month Away, Trump Leans on Barr and Pompeo for a Lift
The 1619 Chronicles
Battle Cry
Former Philadelphia Officer Charged With Murder in 2017 Shooting
Trump Claims in Interview That He Is ‘Medication Free’
Rays Send Yankees to Another Off-Season of Vexing Questions
Justice Dept. Suspends All Diversity and Inclusion Training for Staff
Quotation of the Day: Son of the City, and Cornerstone of a Dynasty
2020 French Open: Women’s Final Preview
Teenagers in Turmoil
Corrections: Oct. 10, 2020
Federal Judge Blocks Texas Governor’s Move to Limit Ballot Drop-Off Sites
Will This Be the Last French Open With Only Human Eyes Minding the Lines?
How Long Should Trump Be in Isolation?
Airline Miles Programs Sure Are Profitable. Are You the Loser?
Europe’s Economic Recovery Is a Summer Memory
Hong Kong Arrests Nine Over Protesters’ Escape by Speedboat
How to Hold Onto Your Money, Wherever the Market Takes You
Facing Disaster After Disaster, the American Red Cross C.E.O. Stays Optimistic
James Murdoch, Rebellious Scion
Huge Absentee Vote in Key States Favors Democrats So Far
Can Trump Really Speed Approval of Covid Treatments?
A Famed Horror Director Mines Japan’s Real-Life Atrocities
For Boris Johnson, and Maybe Trump, Covid as Metaphor Is Hard to Shake
Trump, Lagging in Polls, Tries to Project Strength: This Week in the 2020 Race
This Miami Heat Player Rained 3-Pointers on the Lakers’ Parade
Coronavirus Safety Runs Into a Stubborn Barrier: Masculinity
For the Astros, One Final Hurdle to a Defiant World Series Return
Trump sent more than 2,000 invitations for an event on the White House lawn on Saturday.
Trump, down for a week with coronavirus, returns to rallying with large White House gathering.
Trump says he is ‘medication free’ in an interview with Fox News.
The Swamp That Trump Built
Domenic Parisi Dies at 76; He Sheared Nixon’s Locks
Battered by Trump, the C.D.C.’s Director Faces Pressure to Speak Out
Amazon Power Plant: A Company Responds
Can a Broker Change the Details to Make an Old Listing Look New?
Democrats, Facing Critical Supreme Court Battle, Worry Feinstein Is Not Up to the Task
7 Key Findings About Trump’s Reinvented Swamp
North Korea Unveils What Appears to Be New ICBM During Military Parade
Crispy Sour Cream and Onion Chicken Forever
Iga Swiatek Steamrolls Through the French Open, Besting Sofia Kenin in the Final
Fighting Eases, Briefly, After Cease-Fire Between Armenia and Azerbaijan
Not Sure Who to Vote For? Seriously? OK, This Quiz Is for You
Manic Panic on the Potomac
Trump Has Called His Supporters ‘Disgusting.’ Do They Care?
It’s a Hellscape Out There. Try a Galette.
Everything I Know About Elite America I Learned From ‘Fresh Prince’ and ‘West Wing’
Hurricane Delta Brings Floods and Destruction to an Already Battered Louisiana
As Trump Recovers, He Retreats to a Conservative Media Safe Space
Variety: Acrostic
Election Problems, and Solutions
2020 Election Presidential Debate Calendar: Key Dates
With Push on Diversity, N.H.L. Makes Landmark Selection of Black Player
Without Live Music to Play, Pearl Jam Reimagines Rock Activism in 2020
Warning: Don’t Touch This Hairy-Looking Caterpillar
A Convicted Kidnapper Is Chosen to Lead Government of Kyrgyzstan
There Will Be No Trump Coup
Who’s the Tax Cheat: The Lady in Jail or the Man in the White House?
Trump’s Overhaul of Immigration Is Worse Than You Think
The Week in Business: A Conspiracy Crackdown
Extra Pounds May Raise Risk of Severe Covid-19
Nevada Revokes Halt on Rapid Antigen Testing in Nursing Homes
Princeton to Name Residential College After Black Alumna
Trump Makes First Public Appearance Since Leaving Walter Reed
Senate Republicans Denounce White House’s Offer for Coronavirus Relief
Taking Page From Authoritarians, Trump Turns Power of State Against Political Rivals
πr²
It’s Djokovic-Nadal Yet Again. But This French Open Duel Is Not Like the Others.
Fatal Shooting in Denver Amid Dueling Protests, Police Say
Guantánamo Bay Navy Base Raises Health Alert and Closes Facilities
Draw Your Life, One Coffee Mug at a Time
4 Podcasts That Go Bump in the Night
Support Independent Restaurants
Rest Better With Light Exercises
Discover the Culinary History of Witchcraft and Join a Digital Self-Care ‘Crawl’
At the French Open, Players Look to the Tao of Rafael Nadal
QAnon Is Thriving in Germany. The Extreme Right Is Delighted.
In Belarus, Women Led the Protests and Shattered Stereotypes
Training Tomorrow’s Newshounds
Black and White and Living Color
Corrections: Oct. 11, 2020
Quotation of the Day: C.D.C.’s Director Is Challenged to ‘Stand Up to a Bully’
‘My First Piña Colada Was the Summer Before Seventh Grade’
In a Small Alabama Town, Suddenly All Politics Is National
‘S.N.L.’ Has a Theory About the Fly That Landed on Mike Pence’s Head
Latino, Evangelical and Politically Homeless
What ‘The Babylon Bee’ Thinks Is So Funny About Liberals
Why Are N.F.L. Scores So High This Season?
With Elections Ahead, Some African Presidents Try Engineering Results
Campaign rallies, Trump properties, Hurricane Delta: Your Weekend Briefing
Pakistan Bans TikTok, Citing Morals. Others Cite Politics.
Rafael Nadal Routs Novak Djokovic at French Open to Catch Roger Federer
Offering few details, the White House doctor says Trump is no longer contagious.
C.E.O.s Rediscover the Family Dinner Table
Supreme Court Hearing Presents a Big Stage, and Big Risks, for Harris
The Sunday Read: ‘David’s Ankles’
Homes That Sold for Around $625,000
Can Trump Squeeze More From His White Base in Pennsylvania and Beyond?
Absentee voting in several key states is favoring Democrats.
A new poll shows little change in the race since Trump’s coronavirus diagnosis.
After refusing to participate in the second presidential debate, Trump retreats to conservative media safe spaces.
Trump, still recovering from Covid, plans a return to campaign rallies.
Premier League Reform Plan Seeks to Reshape English Soccer
This week’s presidential debate has officially been canceled.
Biden will build on his economic populist message in Ohio on Monday.
Nancy Pelosi merely panned the White House’s $1.8 trillion relief offer, but Republicans revolted against it.
N.F.L. Reshuffles Schedule After Rash of Coronavirus Cases
N.F.L. Week 5 Results: Cowboys Field Goal Salvages Win Over Giants
Amy Coney Barrett lays out her vision of the court in a copy of her opening statement released ahead of her confirmation hearings.
What to Cook This Week
‘Call Me a Dreamer’: A Shattered Beirut Neighborhood Rebuilds
In a small Alabama town, a mayoral candidate found herself at the center of rumors that she wanted to ‘defund the police.’
Three Rockefellers Say Banks Must Stop Financing Fossil Fuels
Kamala Harris Should Grill Amy Coney Barrett
New York’s Commercial Rents Are ‘Too Damn High’
Leave Judge Barrett’s Faith Out of This
‘I Feel Like I Have Dementia’: Brain Fog Plagues Covid Survivors
Change the Supreme Court? You Have Ideas
The Concerts Were Canceled Months Ago. So Where Are the Refunds?
Socially Distant, Except for the Dogs, Sheep and Chickens
Feared Shabab Exploit Somali Banking and Invest in Real Estate, U.N. Says
Trump surrogates deflected questions about the coronavirus and the debate.
Gov. Gretchen Whitmer says she is concerned about the rise of right-wing armed groups in Michigan.
Four Tricky Issues for the Biden-Harris Ticket
Trump’s Campaign Talk of Troop Withdrawals Doesn’t Match Military Reality
Jaime Harrison Raises $57 Million as Democratic Cash Floods Senate Races
Review: A Classic Western Sheriff on the Other Side of the World
For Novak Djokovic, Another Well-Meaning Effort Goes Off the Rails
For Trump, Defying Mideast Truisms Produced Breakthroughs and Backfires
When Your Last $166 Vanishes: ‘Fast Fraud’ Surges on Payment Apps
Need to Find a Pandemic Necessity? There’s Now a Store for That
Your Monday Briefing
What’s the Problem With Vote-by-Mail? Hint: It’s Not Fraud
How Could Voting by Mail Affect the Election? Look at Michigan
Fauci says his words were ‘taken out of context’ by the president’s campaign.
Are Amazon Jobs Worth 1,400 Loads of Traffic? French Region Is Split
Virus Hits Foreign Farmhands, Challenging Canadians’ Self-Image
Eric Trump conceded that his father ‘lost a fortune,’ but dismissed questions about influence-peddling.
Dodgers and Braves Have Won With the Home Run. Can They Win Without It?
When Animals Are as Photogenic as the Star
Private Security Guard Held in Fatal Denver Shooting, Officials Say
Parties Offer Divergent Portraits of Barrett as Senate Opens Hearings
Sweetie
An Arrest in Canada Casts a Shadow on a New York Times Star, and The Times
Kidnapping Plot Against Whitmer Becomes Part of Michigan Politics
Over $150,000 in Fines Issued on First Weekend of New N.Y.C. Lockdown
Save the Planet, Win a Prize
How the Lakers Won the N.B.A. Title Over the Heat
How to Connect With the Co-Workers You’re Missing
Trump’s Virus Treatment Revives Questions About Unchecked Nuclear Authority
What We Learned From Week 5 of the N.F.L. Season
Rooted in Faith, Amy Coney Barrett Represents a New Conservatism
The Lakers’ Winding Path Ends With a Championship
Coronavirus, QAnon, Trump: Your Monday Briefing
‘Fargo’ Season 4, Episode 4 Recap: Something Rotten
Barrett’s Record: A Conservative Who Would Push the Supreme Court to the Right
Quotation of the Day: C.E.O.s Rediscover Family Mealtime, a Ritual That’s Become a ‘Priority Again’
Corrections: Oct. 12, 2020
What’s on TV This Week: ‘Lovecraft Country’ and the Billboard Music Awards
Regeneron’s C.E.O. says its promising Covid-19 treatment must be rationed.
In Emptier Subways, Violent Crime Is Rising
The Digital Divide Starts With a Laptop Shortage
‘Everything Is Closed Down.’ The Lack of Youth Sports Is a Crisis.
British Airways Abruptly Replaces Its Chief Executive
We All Live in Don DeLillo's World. He's Confused by It Too.
Planned Parenthood’s Plan for Amy Coney Barrett
Charles Koch’s Big Bet on Barrett
In Terms of Child Mortality, It’s a Good Time for Public Health
When Symptoms of Covid-19 Don’t Go Away
Losing Two Roommates and Going Out on Her Own
Their Bosses Asked Them to Lead Diversity Reviews. Guess Why.
Don’t Be So Sure a Justice Barrett Would Overturn Roe
The Three-Child American Family, Under Siege
Karen Elson on Body Shaming, Nudity and Speaking Up for Herself
When the U.S. and China Fight, It Is the Environment That Suffers
What It’s Like to Watch Hurricanes Batter Your Hometown — Over and Over
The Crowded, Competitive World of Anti-Trump G.O.P. Groups
Long After the Bomb, Its Story Finds a New Audience
The Precedent, and Perils, of Court Packing
Who Is That Masked Man?
The Billionaire Who Stood by Jeffrey Epstein
No Home, No Wi-Fi: Pandemic Adds to Strain on Poor College Students
In Former Taliban Stronghold, Defiant Women Hit the Gym
Tommy Tuberville’s Financial Fumbles
As N.Y.C. Jails Become More Violent, Solitary Confinement Persists
A Glance at Daily Life Among the Caretakers of Britain’s Small Islands
Subways Are Less Busy and Less Safe
After a Year in the Ice, the Biggest-Ever Arctic Science Mission Ends
U.S. Auction Theorists Win the 2020 Nobel in Economics
Why the Left Is Losing on Abortion
Florida Sees Signals of a Climate-Driven Housing Crisis
On Facebook, Misinformation Is More Popular Now Than in 2016
Making Sense of Sweden
Aaron Pedersen Is a Different Kind of Archetypal Leading Man
Microsoft Takes Down a Risk to the Election, and Finds the U.S. Doing the Same
Jaime Harrison’s Stunning Haul
New Questions About Leon Black’s Ties to Jeffrey Epstein
Winless Falcons Fire Coach and General Manager
The French prime minister warns that local lockdowns may be imposed as cases surge.
Barrett’s record: a conservative who would push the Supreme Court to the right.
Can Trump cede the spotlight to Judge Barrett’s hearings?
Handcuffed by a New Rule, Rays Manage to Escape
Watch Full Video: Confirmation Hearing for Amy Coney Barrett
Trump will hold a rally in Florida and Biden barnstorms in Ohio.
The Senate Judiciary Committee is resuming the hearing after taking a lunch break.
Catch up on the latest in the saga of stimulus talks.
Global Talks on Taxing Tech Firms Will Slip Into 2021
The parties offer divergent portraits of Barrett as the Senate opens hearings.
BTS Honored Korean War Sacrifices. Some in China Detected an Insult.
Jennifer Doudna, New Nobel Laureate, on Science and Covid
What You Get for $4.5 Million in California
$4.5 Million Homes in California
Bangladesh to Allow Death Penalty for Rape Convictions
Cooking Can Help
Spirit Halloween Rises from the Dead. Again. And Again.
Biden says Barrett’s faith should be off-limits.
First, a Vaccine Approval. Then ‘Chaos and Confusion.’
A Dose of Optimism, as the Pandemic Rages On
What the Heck Is That?
Joe Morgan, Hall of Fame Second Baseman, Is Dead at 77
Taliban Test Afghan and U.S. Resolve in Talks by Attacking a City
‘We Were Bulletproof’: As Child Soldiers Grow Up, Legacy of War Lingers
“ကျုပ်တို့က ကျည်ပြီးတယ်” ကလေးစစ်သားတို့ကြီးပြင်းလာချိန်မှာ စစ်၏အမွေက သက်ဆိုးရှည်ဆဲပင်
Who Would Win in a Dinosaur Battle Royale?
Early Voting Brings Long Lines in Georgia
Is This Still Soccer?
Biden Says Judge Barrett’s Faith Should Not Be ‘Questioned’
Mitsuye Tanamachi, World War II Internee, Dies at 97
E.U. Agrees to Penalize Lukashenko, but Gives Him Time to Back Down
Bringing Perfect Waves to the Masses
Facebook Bans Content About Holocaust Denial From Its Site
How Russell Wilson’s Latest Clutch Drive Beat the Vikings
Irregular Menstrual Cycles Tied to Shorter Lifespans
Trump Defectors Help Biden Build Leads in Wisconsin and Michigan
Sauce Makers and Scoundrels: Four Hot Romance Novels
As Trump returns to campaigning, his aides preview a final sprint.
Protesters in Portland Topple Statues of Lincoln and Roosevelt
Don DeLillo, an Old Hand at Paranoia and Dread, Meets Us Where We Are
21 Savage Hits No. 1, With an Assist From Morgan Freeman
Amy Coney Barrett: The Hearings Begin
Two Huge Questions Loom as 2020 Census Winds Down
Democrats in Trump Country: They’re Not Shy Anymore About Liking Biden
You Can’t Escape Uber’s Lobbying
With Polling Sites Lacking Workers, a New Generation Steps Up
Britain’s New Measures to Control Virus Inflame North-South Tensions
Wife of Pennsylvania’s Lieutenant Governor Is Target of Racial Slur
41 WNET Employees Call for Resignation of C.E.O. Neal Shapiro
The Race for a Super-Antibody Against the Coronavirus
Top General Declines to Endorse Trump’s Afghan Withdrawal Timeline
Mark Meadows Refuses to Wear Mask to Speak With Reporters
Broadway Will Be a While. These Venues Say They’re Ready Now.
Review: Seriously Satirizing 231 Years of Flotus in ‘45 Plays’
Senator Gary Peters shares the ‘gut-wrenching’ story of his ex-wife’s lifesaving abortion.
Walter Ashcraft, College Football Star Who Became a Coach, Dies at 91
Margaret Nolan, ‘Goldfinger’ Actress, Dies at 76
Elections 2020 Live Coverage
Trump still owns the news cycle. But power is rapidly shifting to voters and the courts in battleground states.
How a Feud Between Cuomo and de Blasio Led to a Chaotic Virus Crackdown
The New York Times Presents: 'They Get Brave'
The New York Times Presents: ‘Dominic Fike, at First’
The Joys of Walking
Boris Johnson Announces Three-Tier Coronavirus Alert System
The Killing of Breonna Taylor
Read Trump’s Food Box Letter
Trump Funnels Record Subsidies to Farmers Ahead of Election Day
Your Tuesday Briefing
Biden Says Trump ‘Turned His Back’ on Union Workers
Disney Reorganization Puts a Sharper Focus on Streaming
Amy Coney Barrett Hearing: Day 1 Highlights
Floyd Cardoz’s Memory Lives On Through Masalas
This Mac and Cheese Goes Nationwide
Roberta McCain Dies at 108; Mother of the Senator and His Beacon
H.B.C.U. Homecomings Are Canceled, but Students and Alumni Will Feast Anyway
Is Everybody Doing … OK? Let’s Ask Social Media
A Wine Dispenser for Your Counter
A Knife for All That Sourdough
The Story of Barbuto
Chicken From Your Oven (and Eleven Madison Park)
Fauci cautions Trump against holding large rallies, saying it is ‘asking for trouble.’
Georgians Flock for Early Voting, Facing Glitches and Long Lines
N.B.A.’s Hollywood Ending Still Leaves Questions
Biden Pushes to Flip Ohio With a Populist Pitch to Workers
Votes and Vitality in Mind, Trump Addresses Rally in Florida
The New Corporate Campus
For Both Swiatek and Nadal, Staying ‘In the Moment’ at French Open Was Key
Amy Coney Barrett, Vaccines, Election Polls: Your Monday Evening Briefing
Mitch McConnell’s Mission of Misery
Israel Accepts Ethiopians of Jewish Descent, but Fewer Than Promised
As Trump Flouts Safety Protocols, News Outlets Balk at Close Coverage
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Two Parties Offer Dueling Views of Barrett as Confirmation Fight Begins
How Mike Brosseau Went From Undrafted to October Hero
An Italian Teenager Could Become the First Millennial Saint
Why Scientists Made Venus Flytraps That Glow
Republicans in Disarray
Nigerians Demand End to Police Squad Known for Brutalizing the Young
Cuomo Unveils Statue of Mother Cabrini
Republicans’ Galling Bad Faith About the Supreme Court
Showtime in a Potential Petri Dish
Imagining the Trump Presidency That Wasn’t
California, Reject Prop 22
California Republican Party Admits It Placed Misleading Ballot Boxes Around State
At a campaign rally, Trump offers to give ‘a big fat kiss’ to attendees.
Johnson & Johnson pauses its coronavirus vaccine trial because of a volunteer’s ‘unexplained illness.’
It’s a Cinch
N.W.H.L. Prioritizes Independent Team Ownership in New Model
Reimagining Community in Rapidly Changing Times
The World Has Changed. Where Do We Go From Here?
How a Denver Photojournalist Captured a Shooting as It Unfolded
Belarus, Vaccines, Amy Coney Barrett: Your Tuesday Briefing
Quotation of the Day: Democrats in Trump Country: No Longer Shy to Back Biden
With a Long Ball and a Long Fall, Manuel Margot Lifts the Rays
Corrections: Oct. 13, 2020
Trump’s False Claims as He Resumes His Rallies After Hospitalization
Word + Quiz: scurrilous
She Hunts Viral Rumors About Real Viruses
A Broadway ‘Moment of Joy’
Lesson of the Day: ‘“Everything Is Closed Down.” The Lack of Youth Sports Is a Crisis.’
Megan Thee Stallion: Why I Speak Up for Black Women
John Grisham Brings Back His Hero Jake Brigance for a Third Case
Judge John Hodgman on Dog Dominance
How Quickly Will Your Absentee Vote Be Counted? A State-by-State Timeline
What Has Television Taught You About Social Class?
Was Churchill a Great Man?
My Quest for Sadness
Bill Maher Reviews ‘150 Glimpses of the Beatles’
Coming Close to Nuclear Holocaust
The Secret Code That Threatened Nazi Fantasies of Racial Purity
Is This a Good Time to Be Born? Comparatively Speaking, Yes
The D.I.Y. Way to Heal the Social Fabric: Don’t Do It Yourself
In Shaping Her Own Story, She Upends a National Epic
Against the White Picket Fence
‘What Tech Calls Thinking’ Might Really Be Something Else
Weighted Blankets for Sounder Sleep?
I’m Jewish and Don’t Identify as White. Why Must I Check That Box?
‘He Was Our Rock, and Now He’s Gone, Too’
Vladimir Putin Has a Vaccine, and He’s Rushing to Share It
The Tenants Who Evicted Their Landlord
The Plight of the Aggrieved, Rich Manhattan Liberal
Colleges Are Cutting Varsity Sports. That Could Be a Good Thing.
Claire Messud Looks Back on Life, and the Art That Shaped Her
Why Only Amy Coney Barrett Gets to Have It All
Is Vietnam the Next ‘Asian Miracle’?
Covid-19 Vaccines Are Chance at Salvation, Financial and Beyond, for Drug Makers
Megan Thee Stallion: Why I Speak Up for Black Women
After the Grand Slams, Tennis Plots Its Growth Plan
Behind Closed Doors, Households Under Stress
If Amy Coney Barrett Were Muslim
How to Escape Without Leaving Your Home
Is Mookie Betts the Piece That Pushes the Dodgers to a Title?
Creating Stories You Can Walk Through
School Is (Whisper It) a Form of Child Care
Rep. Max Rose Seeks 2nd Term by Targeting Fellow Democrat: De Blasio
Ben Brantley on Shutting the Stage Door Behind Him
New Prize Modeled on MacArthur ‘Genius’ Grants Hands Out $1 Million
Why I’ll Never Stop Being a Theater Critic
July Is the New January: More Companies Delay Return to the Office
Oh, Now You Believe in Norms
Using the Pandemic as an Opportunity to Lose Weight and Get in Shape
Iceland Tourism Prepares for a Comeback
‘Elmo Knows Where You Live’: A History of the PBS Pledge Drive
Why We Turned to PBS: 50 Reasons Over 50 Years
The News Cycle Is Crushing Seattle’s Vibrant Restaurant Scene
The Marc Jacobs Whisperer
Hearings, Protests and Rallies: Washington Grinds On Through the Pandemic
PBS Is Still TV’s Best Path to Better Citizenship
PBS Showed TV the Future. But What Does Its Own Look Like?
July is the new January: More companies delay a return to the office.
Iceland’s tourism industry is preparing for a comeback.
Protests and Political Feud: The Response to Virus Hot Spots
As Trump flouts safety protocols, news outlets balk at close coverage.
‘Chaos and confusion’ could follow vaccine approvals.
She Was Going Into Labor. But She Had a Bar Exam to Finish.
Environmentalists and Dam Operators, at War for Years, Start Making Peace
The Politics of Pandemic Relief
After a 7-Month Wait, This Tourist Got Machu Picchu All to Himself
Italy tightens rules for the second time in a week to slow infections.
The Problems Barrett Poses
‘150 Glimpses of the Beatles,’ by Craig Brown: An Excerpt
‘Nocturne’ Review: On a Low Note
‘Totally Under Control’ Review: In the Middle of a Pandemic Response
‘Evil Eye’ Review: The Man of a Mother’s Dreams May Not Be Mr. Right
Trump’s Big (Risky?) Return
‘The Adventures of China Iron,’ by Gabriela Cabezón Cámara: An Excerpt
The Market Sees Blue
Boris Johnson ignored scientists’ advice for a brief national lockdown.
‘The Upswing,’ by Robert D. Putnam with Shaylyn Romney Garrett: An Excerpt
‘Kant’s Little Prussian Head and Other Reasons Why I Write,’ by Claire Messud: An Excerpt
Democrats avoided impugning Judge Barrett’s character and faith.
Fastballs and Homers: Braves Win a Playoff Archetype
Weekly News Quiz for Students: Trump's White House Return, Vice Presidential Debate, Nobel Peace Prize
Catch up: Watch highlights from the first day of Judge Barrett’s hearings.
The California G.O.P. admits it placed misleading ballot boxes around the state.
Biden, asked about expanding the Supreme Court, says he is ‘not a fan’ of the idea.
Fauci says large Trump rallies are ‘asking for trouble’ as virus surges.
A federal court upheld the Texas governor’s order limiting ballot drop boxes to one per county.
The White House physician says Trump has tested negative, but experts warn about trusting the results.
Trump returns to the trail, unchanged and in a race that hasn’t shifted much, either.
Watch Live: Amy Coney Barrett Hearings Continue
The Senate Judiciary Committee is taking a short break. The hearing is expected to resume at 6:50 p.m. Eastern.
Judge Barrett is facing a long day of questioning from senators at her confirmation hearing.
Biden travels to Florida today, and Trump heads to Pennsylvania.
What Makes a Good Duck Painting? The Government Suggests Some Hunting
The Lakers and Basketball’s Momentous Year
Recent Commercial Real Estate Transactions
On the Hunt for Office Space, Companies Stay Low to the Ground
The Problem of Wartime Guilt and Its Long Life Span
Twitter will pay $100,000 to Washington State for failing to maintain records about political ads on its platform.
Minnesota connects two dozen coronavirus cases with campaign events, most of them visits by Trump.
Here’s a state-by-state timeline of how quickly votes will be counted.
Jeff Bezos’ Company Is Carrying Scientific Cargo to Space. It’s Not Amazon.
How a 2nd-Grade Class Sent a Science Experiment to Space
Barrett says she would not be ‘used as a pawn’ to decide potential election case, but refuses to say if she’d recuse herself.
What’s Next for a ‘Battlestar Galactica’ Fan?
Jimmy O. Yang’s Week: Watching Rom-Coms as ‘Homework’
Europe Can Impose Tariffs on U.S. in Long-Running Aircraft Battle
A $52,112 Air Ambulance Ride: Coronavirus Patients Battle Surprise Bills
The World’s Largest Tropical Wetland Has Become an Inferno
The Amazon Prime Day Deals Worth Buying
Cristiano Ronaldo Tests Positive for Coronavirus and Enters Isolation
Monica Roberts, Transgender Advocate and Journalist, Dies at 58
Cook Report calls Democrats the ‘clear favorite’ to take Senate control, as races tilt leftward.
Trump’s ‘Frack’ Attack on Biden Seems to Be Falling Short
For Pregnant Women, a Push to Head Off Depression Before It Starts
Vote Aquí: A Conversation About the Latino Vote
No, There Isn’t Evidence That Trump Owes Money to Russia
Dr. Fauci warns that a Trump ad ‘may turn off a lot of people’ by taking him out of context.
Pelosi defends demand for broad stimulus package as Senate prepares scaled-down bill
A Flutist Steps Into the Solo Spotlight
Rosella, Specializing in Sushi, Opens
WinRed, a fast-growing Republican fund-raising site, passes the $1 billion mark.
Turkish Defector Says He Was Ordered to Kill Politician in Austria
In Shows Like ‘Social Distance,’ TV Learns to Work From Home
A North Carolina poll shows Biden and Cal Cunningham maintaining narrow leads.
The Brexit Romance: Finding Love in Irreconcilable Times
Is It Street Wear or Is It Art?
What You Need to Know About 5G Smartphones
Leading Slovak Extremist Sentenced to 4 Years in Jail Over Use of Neo-Nazi Symbol
Virginia Governor Was Also a Possible Target of Anti-Government Plot, F.B.I. Says
Early Voting Begins In Texas
Virginia’s governor was also a possible target of an anti-government plot, the F.B.I. says.
Autechre Worked in Isolation for Decades. Now It’s Unintentionally Timely.
Brandon Cronenberg Will Now Perform an Interview
Another ‘Unfounded’ Study on Origins of Virus Spreads Online
When to Buy a New Phone. Or Not.
Jewelry Ad Featuring Interfaith Couple Sparks Outrage in India
New York Philharmonic Cancels the Rest of Its Season
Facebook Bans Anti-Vaccination Ads, Clamping Down Again
Anchorage Mayor Resigns After Admitting to ‘Inappropriate’ Relationship With TV Anchor
Google Employees Are Free to Speak Up. Except on Antitrust.
More Plays, More Stars and More Women in Latest ‘Spotlight’ Series
Covid-19 vaccines are a chance at salvation for drug makers.
Seeking Pandemic Theater? Your Call Will Be Answered Shortly
Apple Unveils a Smaller HomePod
1619 and 1776: Two Ways to See America
Trump Attack on Diversity Training Has a Quick and Chilling Effect
So, Should You Buy a New Phone or Not?
Hello iPhone 12 and iPhone 12 Pro
While Boris Johnson Sinks, Rishi Sunak Is on the Rise
Trump Campaign Suggests Omarosa Manigault Newman Pay for $1 Million in Ad Spending
‘Carolyn Bryant’ Review: Reliving a Lie That Never Goes Away
Under Trump, Criminal Prosecutions for Pollution Dropped Sharply
What We Saw at New York Bridal Fashion Week
Prices of New iPhones Stay Largely Pat
Joyce Dinkins, Wife of Former New York Mayor, Dies at 89
Tiny Love Stories: ‘A Never-Been-Kissed 23-Year-Old’
South Carolina Is Changing. Is It Enough to Put Jaime Harrison in the Senate?
Trump Calls Kamala Harris a ‘Monster,’ and Her Pastor Responds
For Nagorno-Karabakh’s Dueling Sides, Living Together Is ‘Impossible’
New & Noteworthy Audiobooks, From Jack Kerouac to Black Lives Matter
Petition Targeting Murdoch Swamps Australian Parliament’s Website
Where’d I Stash That Chocolate? It’s Easy to Remember
Eli Lilly’s Antibody Trial Is Paused Over Potential Safety Concern
Coronavirus Vaccine Makers Are Not Mass-Slaughtering Sharks
Building a Personal Smell Museum of Los Angeles
Your Wednesday Briefing
Biden Courts Older Voters in South Florida
Manhattan Emptied Out During the Pandemic. But Big Tech Is Moving In.
Riled Up: Misinformation Stokes Calls for Violence on Election Day
K-12 Teachers: How Are You Handling Remote Learning?
Supreme Court Rules That Census Count Can Be Cut Short
How a Medusa Sculpture From a Decade Ago Became #MeToo Art
‘Extreme Pain, but Also Extreme Joy’
Massachusetts Town Begs Residents to Stop Calling About Fish
Conchata Ferrell, Memorable Maid on ‘Two and a Half Men,’ Dies at 77
2020 California Voter Guide
Biden Aims to Erode Trump’s Support Among Older Voters in Florida
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
‘The Good Lord Bird’ Is a New Entry in the John Brown Canon
The Fight Over Absentee Ballots Intensifies Around Drop Boxes
White House embraces a declaration from scientists that opposes lockdowns and relies on ‘herd immunity.’
Highlights From Day 2 of Judge Amy Coney Barrett’s Hearing
N.F.L. Tuesday? Virus Pushes Bills-Titans to an Odd Day
Racist trolls Zoombombed a virtual campaign event held by Jahana Hayes, Connecticut’s first Black congresswoman.
Supreme Court, Jaime Harrison, PBS: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
Amazon workers call for a day off to vote.
Tom Kennedy, Genial Journeyman of TV Game Shows, Dies at 93
How a Justice Amy Coney Barrett Could Change the U.S.
Coronavirus Reinfections Are Real but Very, Very Rare
Amid the Barrett Hearing Choreography, a Near-Certain Outcome: Confirmation
A Sudden Spray of Bullets: Reconstructing a U.S. Task Force’s Killing of an Antifa Activist
‘Straight to Gunshots’: How a U.S. Task Force Killed an Antifa Activist
Eight-Hour Waits. Machine Glitches. Why Early Voting in Some States Has Had a Rough Start.
Don Piccard, a Pioneer Who Soared, Is Dead at 94
G.O.P. Senators Have a Lot to Say in Ads, but Not Much About Trump
Fauci Says Trump Campaign Ad Uses His Words ‘Completely Out of Context’
Iran’s Covid-19 Death Toll Is Rising. Show Mercy, Mr. Trump.
Women at the Peace Table Yields Better Results. Why Is It Still So Rare?
Trump Again Asks Supreme Court to Block Subpoena for His Tax Records
Barrett, Declining to Detail Legal Views, Says She Will Not Be ‘a Pawn’ of Trump
Barrett’s Testimony Is a Deft Mix of Expertise and Evasion
Mario Molina, 77, Dies; Sounded an Alarm on the Ozone Layer
This Year From Hell
China Got Better. We Got Sicker. Thanks, Trump.
The Problem of Free Speech in an Age of Disinformation
Princeton to Pay Nearly $1.2 Million to Female Professors to Address Inequity
N.Y.P.D.’s Top Latino Official Resigns After Clashing With Mayor
Justice Dept. Sues Ex-Aide Over Book About Melania Trump
Trump, Trailing in Pennsylvania, Launches Familiar Attacks on Biden
Jets Cut Ties With Le’Veon Bell
Separate and Together
Michigan Man Charged With Hate Crime After Attack on Black Teen
Corrections: Oct. 14, 2020
Quotation of the Day: Fight Over Mail-In Ballots Has Shifted to Drop Boxes
Man Charged With Murder in 1984 Killing of Colorado Girl Taken From Home
Your Wednesday Briefing
Indian-Americans Overwhelmingly Support Joe Biden, New Poll Shows
He Built a Trump Statue and Worshiped It. Then He Collapsed.
For Indian Women Working as Cooks and Nannies, No #MeToo Moment
Is Germany Turning Against Russia?
In England, Confusion Over Virus Rules That Change by the Day
Trump Is Now ‘Biohazard-Curious,’ Says Trevor Noah
Word + Quiz: ersatz
Creepy
For the Browns, Trying Everything May Finally Lead to Something
What Kamala Harris Learned About Power at Howard
Why Parents in This High-Performing School District Chose All-Remote Learning
At Cal, a Covid-19 Survivor Keeps Watch Over Football’s Return
BTS’s Loyal Army of Fans Is the Secret Weapon Behind a $4 Billion Valuation
Lesson of the Day: ‘Listen Up: These Young Black Poets Have a Message’
Hello Again, Cicadas. A Lot Has Happened Since 2003.
The Evolution of the Onion Sandwich
Dealmakers and Wanderers: New Science Fiction and Fantasy
How 2020 Blew Up Campaign Reporting
Physical Therapy Has Benefits for Back Pain
Dance, Dance, Dance. It May Help Prevent Falls.
Try High-Intensity Interval Training. You Might Like It.
Hello Again, Cicadas. A Lot Has Happened Since 2003.
College Admissions in the Pandemic: An Expert’s View
Don’t Grieve Alone. Reach Out.
How to Handle the Hate in America’s Musical Heritage
Applying to College During the Pandemic?
Biden Is Not Out of the Woods
Welcome to the Majors. Your Season Is on the Line.
Pret A Manger Will Try Anything to Survive
California’s 40 Million People Are Sick of Being Ignored
In Pandemic’s Wake, Learning Pods and Microschools Take Root
The Future of Hotel Design
How to Make Remote Learning Work? Unmute Yourself!
The ‘Modern Love’ Podcast Gets a Makeover
Trump’s Taxes Were Not a Flaw in the System
Do You Care Who Sits on the Supreme Court? Should We Care?
Bike Thefts Are Up 27% in Pandemic N.Y.C.: ‘Sleep With It Next to You’
How Joe Biden Became the Unlikeliest of Online Fund-Raising Superstars
The Macho Appeal of Donald Trump
Out of the Spotlight, Colleges Try to Scrape Together a Sports Season
How the Pandemic Is Affecting What Babies and Toddlers Learn
‘This Is a War’: Cross-Border Fight Over Water Erupts in Mexico
My Mustache, My Self
Matthew McConaughey Wrote the Book on Matthew McConaughey
This School Year Has Been Unlike Any Other
The Learning Bulletin Board
Lessons From Tornadoes Help a Community Combat Covid
From School Boards to the Senate, All Politics Is Virus Politics in 2020
Students, Parents and Teachers Tell Their Stories of Remote Learning
The Way We Watch Now
Living In ... Union Township, N.J.
Union Township, N.J.: A Diverse Suburb That’s ‘A Little Citified’
It’s Not Easy Being an Optimist in Maine
For Parents, Sending Children Back to School Seemed Too Risky
Simone Leigh Is First Black Woman to Represent U.S. at Venice Biennale
Now Circulating on Social Media: 4 Election Falsehoods
If You Enjoy Bird-Watching, It’s Time to Give Something Back
The Daily: The Confirmation Hearing of Amy Coney Barrett
Devil in the Details: How David Tennant Played a Serial Killer
Mothers Are the ‘Shock Absorbers’ of Our Society
The Battle for the Senate
Court Sentences Leaders of Greece’s Golden Dawn to Prison
Business Leaders Speak Out on Election Integrity
The Latest Elusive Supreme Court Nominee
‘Blackpink: Light Up the Sky’ Review: Glowing Young Superstars
2 Art Gallery Shows to See Right Now
NBC Faces Blowback for Holding Trump’s Town Hall Opposite Biden’s
In the pandemic, the low-rise is the new high-rise.
What else can be said about independence?
How much more will Judge Barrett be invited to speak?
Herbert Kretzmer, Lyricist for ‘Les Misérables,’ Dies at 95
How Biden became the unlikeliest of online fund-raising superstars.
Trump again tramples on his own message, as Biden courts older voters in Florida.
Here’s what to watch for as questioning of Barrett enters Day 2.
E.U. Preparing Sanctions on Putin Allies Over Navalny’s Poisoning
Pilgrim’s Pride to Pay $110 Million to Settle Charges of Fixing Chicken Prices
In City Where China Welcomed the World, Xi Prepares for a Colder One
The Senate Judiciary Committee is taking a short break.
How to Look for Official Drop Boxes in California
Another day, another Trump rally (in Des Moines) and Biden fund-raiser.
Jimmy Butler Was Made for Miami
What You Get for $1.325 Million
$1.325 Million Homes in Connecticut, California and South Carolina
Ikea Will Buy Back Some Used Furniture
What We’re Reading When We’re Off Duty
Glass and Wood in the ‘Green Lungs’ of Croatia
House Hunting in Croatia: A Modern Mountain Villa for $1.2 Million
Jose Altuve, the Yips, and Some Sympathy for the Astros
Indonesian Defense Chief, Accused of Rights Abuses, Will Visit Pentagon
Ford and Mellon Foundations Unveil Initiative for Disabled Artists
Amy Cooper Falsely Accused Black Bird-Watcher in 2nd 911 Conversation
Israel and Lebanon Begin Talks on Sea Border, With U.S. as Mediator
Meghan, Duchess of Sussex, Speaks Out Against Harmful Online Behavior
Long Unseen Trove of Ancient Treasures Goes on Show in Rome
A Field Guide to the Election and Climate Change
Annotated by the Author: ‘Speechless’
The Most Incredible Cauliflower
Having Dementia Doesn’t Mean You Can’t Vote
Fracking and the Election
A W.H.O. official urges tighter restrictions in Europe, and London will face new limits.
Bye-bye, Lindsey Graham? Jaime Harrison Chases a Democratic Dream
Annotated by the Author: ‘Pants on Fire’
Annotated by the Author: ‘Cracks in the Pavement’
Obama plans to hit the road for Biden. But first, a podcast.
Restoring Farmland Could Drastically Slow Extinctions, Fight Climate Change
French Soccer Roiled by Claims of Toxic Workplace Culture
Vatican Puts Priests on Trial Over Alleged Abuse Within Its Walls
Mnuchin says he does not expect a stimulus bill before the election.
Berkshire Hathaway Says Blue Chip Law Firm Aided Fraud
Kitchen Essentials for Home Cooks and Food Lovers
Why Trump’s Efforts to Paint Biden as a Socialist Are Not Working
‘Judges Judge, Which Is Why Their Personal Philosophies Matter’
An Undercover Trip Into the Rageful Worlds of Incels and White Supremacists
3 Covid-19 Trials Have Been Paused for Safety. That’s a Good Thing.
Finally, the First Room-Temperature Superconductor
Pearls, Pumps and Precedent in the Case of Amy Coney Barrett
North Carolina Voters Distrust Trump and Tillis, Poll Finds, Imperiling G.O.P.
Schools Struggle to Secure Computers
Lindsey Graham, running for re-election, says his reference to ‘the good old days of segregation’ was sarcastic.
Gadgets Were on the Way Out. Then 2020 Happened.
Why Students Can’t Get Laptops
Trump Overstates W.H.O. Position on Lockdowns
In Atlanta, a ‘Housewives’ Wedding
As Motorcade Rolls By, Thai Royal Family Glimpses the People’s Discontent
Houthi Rebels Free 2 American Hostages
Erin Wall, 44, Dies; Acclaimed Soprano in Mozart and Strauss
‘Little Shop,’ Big Relief: How One Theater Safely Put on an Indoor Show
L.S.U. at Florida Football Game Postponed as Gators Face Virus Outbreak
‘Des’ Review: Depravity, Brought to You by David Tennant
Trump Thought He Had a Nuclear Deal With Putin. Not So Fast, Russia Said.
U.S. Attorney Moves In on Brooklyn D.A.’s Territory, Citing Crime Surge
When What Parents Are Feeling Is More Than Just Stress
Review: What’s ‘Inside the Box’? A Rewarding (Rewording) Time
How to Deal With a Crisis of Misinformation
Premier League Rejects Reform Plan Pushed by Two of Its Owners
L.S.U.-Florida is the latest college football game to be postponed because of an outbreak.
Stop Persecuting Black and Brown Girls in School
Central Europe, Spared in the Spring, Suffers as Virus Surges
Yes, There Will Be an Oscar Season. But What Will It Look Like?
The Census, the Supreme Court and Why the Count Is Stopping Early
Europe, Which Thought It Had the Virus Tamed, Faces a Resurgence
Mark Zuckerberg’s ‘Evolving’ Position on Holocaust Denial
Everyone’s Playing Among Us
Scientists Synthesize Jawbones From Pig Fat
Your Thursday Briefing
N.Y.C. Coronavirus Positivity Rates Are ‘Leveling Off,’ Says De Blasio
For 3 Filmmakers, Now Is the Best Time for a Coronavirus Documentary
What Does It Smell Like Where You Are?
Modern Love Podcast: Season Premiere
Bank Earnings Show Diverging Fortunes on Wall Street and Main Street
Faith Stewart-Gordon, Doyenne of the Russian Tea Room, Dies at 88
Biden’s Covid Response Plan Draws From F.D.R.’s New Deal
The Great Barrier Reef Has Lost Half Its Corals
Barron Trump tested positive for the virus but has since tested negative, Melania Trump says.
Judge Amy Coney Barrett Gives Advice to Young Women
Why ‘Supermom’ Gets Star Billing on Résumés for Public Office
There has never been a Supreme Court confirmation at the end of a presidential election. The split-screen is jarring.
Open Mike Eagle Turned a Very Bad Year Into a Very Honest Album
Constance Buchanan Dies at 73; Gave Women Voice in Religion
Jerry Harris’s Child-Pornography Case Back in Court
Motel 6 and Home Depot Drop Ad Agency After Its Founder Calls Ad ‘Too Black’
Coronavirus, Supreme Court, Ikea: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing
‘Severability’ Could Save Health Law, Graham Says and Barrett Seems to Agree
Nick Saban, Alabama’s Football Coach, Tests Positive for Coronavirus
A Utah Man Meets a Cougar. Chasing and Swearing Ensue.
Justice Dept. ‘Unmasking’ Review Finds No Irregularities and Is Given to Durham
Museum Inquiry Into Whistle-blower Complaint Finds No Misconduct
Highlights From Day 3 of Judge Amy Coney Barrett’s Hearings
The Jets and Giants Are Both 0-5. Can It Get Worse?
Barrett, Vowing Independence, Is Haunted by Trump’s Demands
Allegation on Biden Prompts Pushback From Social Media Companies
Trump May Be Immune to the Coronavirus. But for How Long?
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Will We Choose the Right Side of History?
Head of Huntington Theater Company Resigns Amid Internal Strife
Backed Into a Corner
As Virus Spread, Reports of Trump Administration’s Private Briefings Fueled Sell-Off
Harris’s New Strategy: A Hearing Appearance That Doesn’t Make Waves
Barrett, Revealing Little, Suggests She Might Preserve Health Law
Polish Olympian Wins Fight to Compete in Fencing for Team U.S.A.
Barron Trump Tested Positive for Coronavirus, Melania Trump Says
Votes, Sex and Money
World War II-Era ‘Earthquake Bomb’ Explodes in Polish Waters
Stop Othering Latinos
My Brother Died and Reminded Me of These Life Lessons
Murky Financial Forecast Looms Over Yankees’ Off-Season Questions
Federal Judge Strikes Down Waiting Period for Abortion in Tennessee
Jetpack Sighted Again Above Los Angeles, This Time at 6,000 Feet
‘Diamond Sweet 16’ Party Leaves 37 Infected and 270 in Quarantine
It Takes Two to Tie It
Quotation of the Day: As Cycling Grows, So Do Bike Thefts, and Locks Don’t Seem to Matter
Dodgers Bury the Braves and Rewrite the Record Books
Corrections: Oct. 15, 2020
The Jailed Activist Left a Letter Behind. The Message: Keep Fighting.
Your Thursday Briefing
N.F.L. Week 6 Predictions: Our Picks Against the Spread
Citing Wildfire Risk, Utility Plans to Cut Power to 50,000 in California
BTS Management’s Stock Has a Lively First Day of Trading
Jimmy Kimmel Rips Into Trump’s ‘Superspreader’ Rally
Iker Casillas Remembers Everything
Word + Quiz: compendium
Red and Blue
Lesson of the Day: Dangerous Denominators
Politics, Poems and Charm in Two London Monologues
As the virus spread, private briefings from the Trump administration fueled a stock sell-off.
His Fingernails Were Purple but Didn’t Hurt. What Was This?
Moving On Up to Her First Manhattan Purchase. What Could She Find for Under $800,000?
America Has No Reason to Be So Powerful
Is Math Too Tidy to Be Useful?
‘Plain Bad Heroines’ Is a New Kind of Lesbian Fiction
U.S. Virus Cases Climb Toward a Third Peak
The Untold Technological Revolution Sweeping Through Rural China
Jacob Blake Is My Nephew. My Family Is Suffering.
Can Big Tech Make Sure That 2020 Is Not 2016?
Are You Easily Distracted?
Kids Have Suffered Enough. Let Them Have Halloween.
What Scandinavians Can Teach Us About Embracing Winter
The Pandemic Brought Loss. Now They’re Behind on Rent.
Poem: A Letter From Never Before
Republican Judges Are Quietly Upending Public Health Laws
The Challenges of Remote Learning for Children Who Stutter
People Are Planning to Dress as Postal Workers for Halloween
5 Professors Sue Rutgers, Saying It Shortchanges Women on Pay
How Turkey’s Military Adventures Decrease Freedom at Home
Amy Coney Barrett Confirmation Hearings: Highlights from Day 4
Inspired by Trump, Hasidic Backlash Grows Over Virus Rules
Rod Rosenstein Was Just Doing His Job
Why Would a Republican Vote Biden? Ask Arizonans
We Watched It All: Fashion Week in Quarantine
This Urban Safari Comes With a Warning: Watch Out for Snakes
Postcard-Perfect Scenes, Constructed From Memory and Scraps of Paper
8 Million Have Slipped Into Poverty Since May as Federal Aid Has Dried Up
Rethinking Retirement
Children From Immigrant Families Are Increasingly the Face of Higher Education
Focusing on Firearms Proves Contentious in Struggle to Reduce Veterans’ Suicides
For the Navajo Nation, ‘Everything Takes Time,’ Including Voting
Your Local Bookstore Wants You to Know That It’s Struggling
As Trump’s Language Grows More Heated, Fears Rise of Political Violence
How One of the Most Stable Nations in West Africa Descended Into Mayhem
With Barrett Nomination, a D.C. Conservative Power Couple Nears Its Dream
Reporting Live From Quarantine U.
A Korean Store Owner. A Black Employee. A Tense Neighborhood.
The East Village, Home of Punks and Poets: Here’s a Tour
The 25 Most Influential Works of American Protest Art Since World War II
This Is What Early Voting Looks Like
Did Lockdowns Lower Premature Births? A New Study Adds Evidence
A 2nd 911 Call: What to Know About the Amy Cooper Case
Singapore and Hong Kong agree to set up a travel bubble, and other news from around the world.
The Candidates: Donald Trump’s Promises
How Green Is That Electric Car? And When It Hits 100 M.P.H.?
The Surging Virus
From Hiding, Head of Central Asia’s Only Democracy Says He’s Quitting
‘Clouds’ Review: A Farewell Through Song
‘Freedia Got a Gun’ Review: A Musician Makes a Call to Action
Review: College Is Hard, but Less So in This Mopey Talkathon
‘Love and Monsters’ Review: Coming-of-Age After the Apocalypse
‘Honest Thief’ Review: An Utterly Forgettable Thriller
‘The Devil Has a Name’ Review: A Little Guy Takes On Big Oil
‘Martin Eden’ Review: Reading and Writing His Way Out of the Pit
Little Bursts of Fright: The Horror Anthology Is Having a Heyday
‘White Riot’ Review: When Punk’s Stars Banded Against Racism
An Early Virus Stock Sell-Off
Scott Peterson’s Murder Convictions to Be Re-examined, Court Orders
These Traders Got the Jump on the Pandemic
What Happens When Covid-19 Meets Toxic Air? India Is About to Find Out
Can a Bill Have a Gender? Feminine Wording Exposes a Rift
In Fights Over Face Masks, Echoes of the American Seatbelt Wars
Marie Lu’s Audience Is the Wind Beneath Her Best-Selling Wings
A Mound Visit, a Quick Read and a Lifeline for the Astros
Trump could have had two more debates to try to alter the race. Now he has just one.
Watch Full Video: Day 4 of Amy Coney Barrett’s Confirmation Hearing
Fires on Slopes of Kilimanjaro Threaten a Diverse Ecosystem
Ray McGuire, Wall Street Executive, Enters N.Y.C. Mayor’s Race
What Proposition 14 Tells Us About California
Scarce work meant ‘zeroing out my paycheck,’ but despair turned to pride.
The T List: Five Things We Recommend This Week
Homes for Sale in the New York Region
On the Market in New York City
Homes for Sale in New York and New Jersey
Homes for Sale in Brooklyn, Queens and Manhattan
As unemployment benefits and savings dwindle, having an artistic side helps.
Nearly 900,000 people in the U.S. filed new state unemployment claims last week.
A Mother Takes Readers on a Journey With Her Autistic Son
President Trump supports a bigger relief bill, but a deal is far from certain.
The Most Popular Listings of September
Trump’s Tweets on Troop Withdrawals Unnerve Pentagon
Harris halts in-person campaigning after an aide tests positive for the coronavirus.
Store Workers to Get New Training: How to Handle Fights Over Masks
Sharing an Intimate Musical Vision
Barry Manilow’s Bubble and a House of Whimsy
How to Help Kids Open Up About Anything
Freshman enrollment drops significantly at U.S. universities and community colleges.
The Dire Wolf Might Have Prowled Asia, Fossil Suggests
Should I Let My Boyfriend Be a Poll Worker on Election Day?
‘Jagged Little Pill’ and ‘Slave Play’ Lead 2020 Tony Nominations
YouTube Cracks Down on QAnon Conspiracy Theory, Citing Offline Violence
What’s Going On in This Graph? | Climate Threats
Here’s What It’s Like to Appear on ‘Curb Your Enthusiasm’
U.S. Investigates Vaxart’s Claims Related to Covid-19 Vaccine
Twitter locked the Trump campaign’s account, saying a post about the Bidens violated its rules.
‘David Byrne’s American Utopia’ Review: Opening a Wide, Wonderful World
Just Like You, Claire Messud Never Read ‘A Brief History of Time’
In Trying Times, 20 Wines Under $20 That Revive and Restore
Full List of the 2020 Tony Award Nominees
Will a Half-Step by Macron Be Enough to Blunt France’s Second Wave?
‘Belly of the Beast’ Review: Fighting for Incarcerated Women
Amy Coney Barrett on the Court: What’s at Stake
Live: Alaska State Primary Election Results 2020
Stuart Bowyer, Astronomer Who Lent His Ear to the Cosmos, Dies at 86
8 Things to Do This Weekend
A Man, a Megaphone and a Mission to Shame the Astros
Republicans condemn Facebook and Twitter for limiting distribution of an unsubstantiated article about the Bidens.
The Raw Roots of Tom Petty’s ‘Wildflowers,’ Revealed at Last
Ignore Phone Companies About 5G
Biden launches a get out the vote television campaign in Michigan.
Lindsey Graham Leads Jaime Harrison in South Carolina Race, Poll Shows
In India, doctors warn that deteriorating air quality could make Covid-19 even worse.
Honoring Latinx Art, Personal and Political
‘The Goddess of Fortune’ Review: Family Drama Under Sunny Italian Skies
Daryl Morey Steps Down as G.M. of the Houston Rockets
Lindsey Graham leads Jaime Harrison in the South Carolina Senate race, a new poll shows.
This Elite School Is in a Brick Fortress. Can It Handle a Pandemic?
How to Hang a Picture, Step by Step
London Tightens Coronavirus Restrictions as Cases Rise
A Florida City Is Selling Some of Its Beloved Swans
Growing Up Black
The Science Behind Your Child’s Tantrums
How United Airlines Is Trying to Plan Around a Pandemic
As Virus Surges and Brexit Bears Down, Boris Johnson Stalls for Time
Cyprus Ends ‘Golden Passport’ Program After Corruption Accusations
Nearly Half of the U.S. Is in Drought. It May Get Worse.
Your Friday Briefing
Lulu Peyraud, a French Wine Matriarch, Dies at 102
9 New Books We Recommend This Week
NBC, Under Fire for Trump Event, Faces a Big Test and Bad Memories
How Weird Were the Tony Nods? Well, How Weird Was the Season?
What Students Are Saying About Mental Health, Improving Sports and a Dusk-Lit Train
Could Trump Still Spread the Coronavirus? Probably Not, Experts Say
Lois Smith Says Her Tony-Nominated Role ‘Was a Pleasure Every Day’
Jeremy O. Harris, Author of ‘Slave Play,’ on the Show’s Record Haul
Ablaze With Art: Thriving Galleries in Lower Manhattan
What Happens if Roe v. Wade Is Overturned?
Two candidates, two networks, same time: Tonight’s presidential town halls have begun.
Mary-Louise Parker: ‘My Heart Is Aching’ for the Return of Live Theater
In Hubbub Over New York Post Report, YouTube Stands Apart
C-SPAN suspended Steve Scully after he admitted to lying about his Twitter account being hacked.
Could Trump still spread the coronavirus? Probably not, experts say.
Giuliani’s daughter backs Biden: ‘The only way to end this nightmare is to vote.’
Trump ‘kisses dictators’ butts,’ Senator Ben Sasse, a Republican, tells constituents.
Clippers Are Hiring Tyronn Lue as Their New Coach
Ruth Bader Ginsburg, a Native Daughter of Brooklyn, to Get a Statue in Her Hometown
Final Day of Amy Coney Barrett Confirmation Hearings
Separatists Kill 14 in Attack on Oil Convoy in Restive Pakistani Province
‘How It Started... How It’s Going,’ Explained
Trump trails in polls of Florida and Pennsylvania, home to tonight’s town halls.
Christie Says He Was ‘Wrong’ Not to Wear Masks at White House
Unemployment Claims Rise Anew in Latest Sign of Economic Distress
Hearings Behind Them, Republicans Close In on Barrett Confirmation
Twitter Changes Course After Republicans Claim ‘Election Interference’
Bob Shanks, Influential TV Executive, Dies at 88
18 Hours of Questions, Few Answers: What We Learned About Amy Coney Barrett
A court refuses to extend the ballot receipt deadline for Navajo voters in Arizona.
2020 Election, Virus Surge, Tony Awards: Your Thursday Evening Briefing
5 Ways to Focus Your Angst and Energy Before Nov. 3
Graham’s Star Turn as Confirmation M.C. Is Marred by Missteps
Republicans Clash on Stimulus as Trump Says ‘Go Big’ and McConnell Demurs
The British Design Legend Known for Tailoring With a Twist
Trump Addresses Killing of Antifa Activist
Trump Says He Wants Another ‘Big’ Relief Deal
After 700 Students Test Positive, a College President Resigns
Chris Christie says he should have worn a mask at White House events.
What Happened in the Trump and Biden Town Halls: Full Analysis
Miss Live Theater? You’re Not Alone.
By Calling Climate Change ‘Controversial,’ Barrett Created Controversy
‘We got him’: Trump cheers the killing of an antifa activist.
Facebook and Twitter Dodge a 2016 Repeat, and Ignite a 2020 Firestorm
This Is Not the Debate We Wanted
How the G.O.P. Can Still Wreck America
Slamming Trump, G.O.P. Senator Warns of a ‘Republican Blood Bath’
How to Actually Make America Great
Film Club: ‘The Lonely Goalkeeper’
A President Whose Words Have Not Aged Well
Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui’s Talent for Collaboration Pays Off With a Tony Nod
What Does ‘Negative’ on a Coronavirus Test Really Mean?
A Rapid Test Offers Hope for Community Screening
Major Retailers in Britain Say No to Glitter for Christmas
100-Plus Mentor Texts for Documenting Your Life in 2020
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Bernard Cohen, Lawyer in Landmark Mixed-Marriage Case, Dies at 86
Hot Toddy Season Comes Early This Year
Adrienne Warren: ‘I Needed a Break’
Corrections: Oct. 16, 2020
U.S. Brings ‘Largest Ever Tax Charge’ Against Tech Executive
Jake Gyllenhaal on His First Tony Nomination
A Judge Pushes a Police Officer and Hurls Threats, but Isn’t Charged
Remdesivir Fails to Prevent Covid-19 Deaths in Huge Trial
Savannah Guthrie gets answers from Trump by setting a fast pace and following up.
Quotation of the Day: Amid a Rising Second Wave and a Brexit Deadline, Johnson Stalls for Time
A Combative Trump and a Deliberate Biden Spar From Afar at Town Halls
The First Lady of Song
Present Person
Guard to Face Murder Charge in Shooting at Denver Rally, D.A. Says
NBC’s Savannah Guthrie Grills Trump Opposite ABC’s Sober Biden Talk
Trump Said to Be Warned That Giuliani Was Conveying Russian Disinformation
U.S. Election, Boris Johnson, Coronavirus: Your Friday Briefing
Gisele Barreto Fetterman Asks for No Charges Against Woman Who Yelled Slurs at Her
White Supremacist Pleads Guilty to Plotting to Bomb Colorado Synagogue
He Married a Sociopath: Me
Will Jacinda Ardern Win a Second Term? New Zealand’s Election, Explained
Mexico’s Former Defense Minister Is Arrested in Los Angeles
Two Park Police Officers Face Manslaughter Charges in Virginia Shooting
In One of the World’s Longest Lockdowns, One Man Is Omnipresent
Word + Quiz: voluble
Jimmy Kimmel Slams NBC for Giving Trump His Town Hall
Surge
How a New Virus Lockdown Turned New York Into Two Cities
N.F.L.’s Next Man Up Ethos Persists Through Injury and Pandemic
Southeastern Conference’s Crises Show How College Football Teeters Day by Day
Lauren Fleshman’s Feminist Approach to Coaching
News Quiz: Vaccine Trials, BTS, Apple
Trump supports a bigger relief bill, but a deal is far from certain.
Lesson of the Day: ‘How a 2nd-Grade Class Sent a Science Experiment to Space’
Faced with twin crises, Britain’s leader is stalling for time.
Trump and Biden offer starkly different views of the pandemic during dueling events.
A Chinese city says it has given some residents a vaccine.
Letters to the Editor
Weekly Health Quiz: Sounder Sleep, Covid Symptoms and Chocolate
New in Paperback: ‘Ninth House’ and ‘Birth of a Dream Weaver’
Should Museums Return Looted Artifacts to Their Countries of Origin?
An Argument for Loving ‘Devil’s Advocate’
Driving Lessons With a Whiff of Mortality
Nick Saban Is Being Tested for the Virus. The Runaway Train of College Football Keeps Rolling.
How an Empathy Expert Spends His Sundays
‘The Queen’s Gambit’ Tries a Risky Play: Betting Chess Can Be Good TV
Democrats See a Cash Surge, With a $1.5 Billion ActBlue Haul
This School Was Built for Idealists. It Could Use Some Rich Alumni.
They Loved N.Y.C. but Lived in Jersey. The Pandemic Changed That.
As They Aged, They Started Businesses for People Like Them
Packed Courts, Undecided Voters and ‘WAP’: You Asked, We Answered
When We Can Hug Again, Will We Remember How It Works?
How Mexico Shaped Randy Arozarena, the Rays’ Cuban Star
The Dueling Biden-Trump Town Halls: Best and Worst Moments
When Armed Vigilantes Are Summoned With a Few Keystrokes
Generation Agoraphobia
Understatement Is the New Luxury
Which Constitution Is Amy Coney Barrett Talking About?
How the Most Socially Progressive Pro League Got That Way
Will the Diamond District Survive?
Jobless Workers Built Up Some Savings. Then the $600 Checks Stopped.
This Ex-Taliban Commander Is Now the Face of Afghan Security
‘I Just Kind of Lost It’: As Coronavirus Cases Soar, One Montana Town Reels
‘It’s Like They Can’t Wait to Vote’
Six Takeaways From Thursday’s Dueling Trump and Biden Town Halls
Before Nov. 3, Watch This and This and This
‘It’s Fall! Here We Are!’ A Beloved Chocolate Shop Returns
Inside N.Y.C.’s Insanely Loud Car Culture
The Money Men Could Save Us. But They’re Stuck in the Seventies.
At 77, Howardena Pindell Exorcises a Chilling Memory From Childhood
When David Byrne Got Together With Spike Lee
A Video Series Explores The Strengths and Weaknesses of U.S. Elections
For These Pet Lovers, an Instant Connection
A Breakroom Friendship Flourishes
Their Own Kind of Energy
Winning at the Game of Love
Five Years Later, the Third Time’s the Charm
In Love and Out of Debt
Could Ray McGuire Be N.Y.C.’s 2nd Black Mayor?
Trump’s Misogyny Might Finally Catch Up With Him
The Self-Dealing Administration
When Science Is Pushed Aside
The Radicalizer in Chief
Why They Loved Him
The Foreign Policy That Wasn’t
A Nation Adrift
Editor’s Note: The Editorial Board’s Verdict on Trump’s Presidency
The Candidates: Joe Biden’s Plans
End Our National Crisis
The Power Picnic Is Spreading
Pfizer Says It Won’t Seek Vaccine Authorization Before Mid-November
Senior Housing Towers Open in Manhattan and Brooklyn
What to Know About Christopher Watts and ‘American Murder’
A Sharply Split Screen
Indonesia overtakes the Philippines as the hardest-hit country in Southeast Asia.
‘The Trial of the Chicago 7’ | Anatomy of a Scene
Watch Sacha Baron Cohen Get Serious in ‘The Trial of the Chicago 7’
How the Internet Viewed the Presidential Town Halls
Alternative Programming
Trump Reverses Decision to Reject California’s Request for Wildfire Relief
Will New York Go for Another Wall Streeter as Mayor?
Peloton Recalls Pedals on Thousands of Bikes After Reports of Injury
C.E.O.s set goals to advance racial equity by providing money and mentorship.
Its most famous coach has the virus, but college football rolls on.
Drug May Extend A.L.S. Patients’ Lives by Several Months, Study Finds
The Beirut Blast Shattered Her Masterpieces. Now, the Rebuilding Starts.
Astros Strike Early and Late to Stay Alive
Trump is said to have been warned that Giuliani was conveying Russian disinformation.
How the internet viewed Thursday’s political spectacle.
Democratic Senate candidates rake in money in Arizona, Kentucky, Maine and South Carolina.
Two candidates, two town halls, two different universes.
After Susan Collins again says she won’t back Judge Barrett, Trump lashes out.
Democrats in New Jersey are voting at high rates.
Few people are flying. What is an airline to do? Lots of fine-tuning.
Trump travels to Florida and Georgia today, and Biden speaks in Detroit.
Today’s polls, as we get them.
Over a Million California Voters Have Already Returned Their Ballots
How Much Watching Time Do You Have This Weekend?
Some Real Estate Investors Are Putting More Money in One Basket
Even With Challenges of Pandemic, Health Benefits May Not Change Much
Like It or Not, the Suburbs Are Changing
My Boss’s Drinking Is Getting Worse. How Do We Intervene?
Badly Ill With Coronavirus, Some Ultra-Orthodox in Israel Choose Home Care
When will offices be full again? Maybe never, some executives say.
Canadian Soldiers Cry Wolf, Alarming Residents
Turning the Lights Down on the At War Channel
Retired French Surgeon Faces 312 Pedophilia and Abuse Charges
The federal deficit balloons to a record $3.1 trillion, even as the pain for jobless workers sharpens.
The Weekender
Richard Avedon’s Wall-Size Ambitions
Millions of people have already voted in the 2020 election.
Behind the Cover: Free Speech
After 75 Years and 15 Claims, a Bid to Regain Lost Art Inches Forward
How Many Plants Have We Wiped Out? Here Are 5 Extinction Stories
The polls finally catch up with the news, and still show Trump trailing.
What to Cook This Weekend
New Charge Adds to Ex-French President Sarkozy’s Legal Troubles
Comfort Viewing: 3 Reasons ‘Cobra Kai’ Is a Knockout
Goodbye, Tab: Coca-Cola will discontinue the iconic diet soda.
In Hong Kong, Communist Party Officials Stride Out of the Shadows
Detention of Government Critic in Poland Raises Fears of a Crackdown
Upper West Side Story: The Dazzling Rise of Richard Avedon
The Perfect Phrase for This Relentless Year
Scott Lilienfeld, Psychologist Who Questioned Psychology, Dies at 59
Max Osceola Jr., Seminole Tribal Leader, Dies at 70
Carlo Ancelotti Would Like to Talk About Crosby
A Lincoln Project ad frames a choice: a president who demeans women or one who respects them.
A ‘Perfect’ Chocolate Chip Cookie, and the Chef Who Created It
Trump Campaign Lawyers Are Aiding a Leading Proponent of QAnon
Democrats’ Anger Over Barrett Could Have Big Consequences in the Senate
Thailand Steps Up Response as Antigovernment Protests Escalate
Coffee Time for Zora and Fannie, Before the Harlem Renaissance
In France, a Festival Delivers the Essential: Dance to Audiences
Stevie Wonder Demands Justice, and 12 More New Songs
Michigan’s top elections official bans open carry of guns at polling places.
Trump campaign lawyers are aiding a leading proponent of QAnon.
Suggestions for a Better Big Picture for English Soccer
How to Keep Your Desk Organized
U.S. Rebuffs Putin Bid to Extend Nuclear Arms Pact for a Year
In North Carolina, as in other states, early in-person voting started strong.
Trump Aide Insists U.S. Will Reduce Forces in Afghanistan to 2,500 Troops
Brace for Holiday ‘Shipageddon’
Can This Billionaire Save N.Y.’s Senate Republicans?
G.O.P.-Appointed Judges Threaten Democracy, Liberals Seeking Court Expansion Say
The Most Adaptable Skillet Chicken
Man Arrested in Killing of Thomas Jefferson Byrd
How the battle over Judge Amy Coney Barrett’s confirmation could reshape the Senate.
A Regulatory Rush by Federal Agencies to Secure Trump’s Legacy
Alaska Is More Competitive, but Republicans Still Lead
A Childhood Favorite Reimagined
Man Beheads Teacher on the Street in France and Is Killed by Police
The Trump Administration Is Reversing More Than 100 Environmental Rules. Here’s the Full List.
The Genius of Spelling Bee
Community College Enrollment Is Way Down
In Ohio, a Printing Company Is Overwhelmed and Mail Ballots Are Delayed
‘The West Wing’ and David Byrne Stage America
Should You Take a Ballot Selfie?
Parenting While Black: Titus Kaphar’s Starkly Powerful Works
Biden Beats Trump in Ratings Battle of the Network Town Halls
Netherlands to Allow Doctors to Help End Lives of Terminally Ill Children
The Ottoman Empire’s Influence on the Present Day
On Recent Criticism of The 1619 Project
Military Names Air Force Judge for Guantánamo Bay 9/11 Trial. But There’s a Snag.
Love Letter: Introducing the New Modern Love Podcast
‘That Kindness’ Review: Nurses Didn’t Sign Up for This
How The Babylon Bee, a Right-Wing Satire Site, Capitalizes on Confusion
A Remix from The Daily
Trump’s Last Stand for White America
The Mysteries of the American-Saudi Alliance
How Much Do You Really Miss Going to the Movies?
Coronavirus Confusion: Colts Report False Positives and Patriots Call Off Practice
Republicans, You Are Complicit
With Brexit Clock Ticking, Boris Johnson Vows, Again, to Walk Away
Nick Saban Tested Positive for Coronavirus. Will He Coach Alabama Against Georgia?
He Dismembered His Boss, but a Judge Ruled It Manslaughter
Climate change is on the agenda for the final Biden-Trump debate.
Why a Perfect Spiral Football Pass Doesn’t Break the Laws of Physics
When the Stars Are Out of Alignment
Eitan Haber, Rabin Aide and Israeli Wordsmith, Dies at 80
Who Was ‘El Padrino,’ Godfather to Drug Cartel? Mexico’s Defense Chief, U.S. Says
U.S. Budget Deficit Hit $3.1 Trillion Amid Virus Spending Surge
In Reversal, Twitter Is No Longer Blocking New York Post Article
Jerry Harris Is Denied Bail in Child-Pornography Case
Ruth Kluger, Author of a Haunting Holocaust Memoir, Dies at 88
Former Fox News Host Spreads Virus Misinformation on His Sinclair Show
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Trump and Biden: The Sharp Contrast at Two Town Halls
Fearing a ‘Blood Bath,’ Republican Senators Begin to Edge Away From Trump
Overlooked No More: Eleanor Flexner, Pioneering Feminist in an Anti-Feminist Age
Supreme Court Will Review Trump’s Plan to Exclude Undocumented Immigrants in Redistricting
Turkey Moves Closer to Activating Its Russian Air Defense System
The Political Is Personal, Too
Biden Says He’ll ‘Take Care of Your Health Coverage’
White House Opposes Expanded Virus Testing, Complicating Stimulus Talks
N.Y.C.’s First Lady Won’t Seek Office as Mayor’s Popularity Fades
Don’t Shame Your Neighbors
Presidential Race, Budget Deficit, Halloween: Your Friday Evening Briefing
‘The Trial of the Chicago 7’: What to Know About the Netflix Film
What Went Viral This Week
Trump is in Georgia, trying to shore up support in a critical battleground state.
Walking New York City’s 42nd Street
Third Justice Dept. Prosecutor Publicly Denounces Barr
Killing of White Farmer Becomes a Flash Point in South Africa
$421 Million in Debt: Trump Calls It ‘a Peanut,’ but Challenges Lie Ahead
Georgia at a Tipping Point
Ed Benguiat, a Master of Typography, Is Dead at 92
Will we remember how hugging works when we are allowed to do it again?
Corrections: Oct. 17, 2020
Quotation of the Day: Inferno Threatens World’s Largest Tropical Wetland
Rhonda Fleming, 97, Movie Star Made for Technicolor, Is Dead
Invasion of the Memory Snatchers
Astros Battle Back to Force a Game 7 Against the Rays
Trick or Treat: It’s Mom and Dad!
Will Smith Homers Off Will Smith, and the Dodgers Top the Braves
Make Your First Home Your Last: The Case for Not Moving Up
‘Please Like Me,’ Trump Begged. For Many Women, It’s Way Too Late.
Jacinda Ardern, Hero to Liberals Abroad, Is Validated at Home
In My Mountain Town, We’re Preparing for Dark Times
Trump’s Nominee Gets a Hearing and the Town Hall Divide: This Week in the 2020 Race
Shh. It’s Breakfast Time.
Biden and Trump Say They’re Fighting for America’s ‘Soul.’ What Does That Mean?
N.Y.C. Was Once a Bastion of G.O.P. Moderates. Then Trump Came Along.
‘How Weird Is All of This?’ Fans Return to a Warped Ballpark Experience
The Comforts of Clutter
For Long-Term Investors, Small Things Like Presidential Elections Don’t Matter
A Black Hole’s Lunch: Stellar Spaghetti
Joe Biden’s Non-Radical 1960s
Sacha Baron Cohen: This Time He’s Serious
In Kalamazoo, Old High School Classmates Reckon With a Divided Country
For Young Rohingya Brides, Marriage Means a Perilous, Deadly Crossing
Despite Everything, People Still Have Weddings at ‘Plantation’ Sites
The Long, Worthwhile Search for the Five Black Women of Grace Baptist Church
The Sheet-Pan Cauliflower Readers Love
Ernst Struggles in Iowa as Republicans Battle to Hold Senate Amid Trump’s Woes
At Least 3 Injured in Explosion at Virginia Strip Mall
How Ransomware Puts Your Hospital at Risk
A Musician Revered by Iranians, But Banned by the State
There’s a Word for Why We Wear Masks, and Liberals Should Say It
Suspect Stalked French School Before Beheading Teacher, Officials Say
Federal Appeals Courts Emerge as Crucial for Trump in Voting Cases
Man Sentenced to Life Over Theft of Hedge Clippers Is Granted Parole
Variety: Diagramless
What the N.B.A.’s West Teams Need: Shooters and Shady Texts
The Women Behind the Million Man March
After Alabama Says Nick Saban Does Not Have Coronavirus, He Coaches a Game
‘White Supremacy’ Once Meant David Duke and the Klan. Now It Refers to Much More.
Bill Offering L.G.B.T. Protections in Italy Spurs Rallies on Both Sides
Where Liberal Power Lies
Fred Dean, Sack Specialist Who Ignited 49ers Dynasty, Dies at 68
As the Coronavirus Surges, a New Culprit Emerges: Pandemic Fatigue
Armenia and Azerbaijan Reach New Cease-Fire for Nagorno-Karabakh, Then Report Violations
U.S. Schedules First Execution of a Woman in Nearly 70 Years
Title Basin’
Flush With Cash, Biden Eclipses Trump in War for the Airwaves
How to Have a Safe and Still Spooky Halloween
Become a Dessert Person and Face the Haunts in Edith Wharton’s Home
Play a Halloween Pencil Game, if You Dare
Get the Birds To Come To You
Corrections: Oct. 18, 2020
Rays Stick to Their Plan and Reach a 2nd World Series
What to Watch in Sports Right Now
Quotation of the Day: Infections in U.S. and Europe Show Troubling Trend
‘S.N.L.’ Takes on Trump and Biden’s Dueling Town Halls
‘I Quickly Realized I Now Had to Pedal For the Weight of Two Men’
Football’s Boo Birds Are All Cooped Up
Would Biden’s Tax Plan Help or Hurt a Weak Economy?
In Election, Bolivia Confronts Legacy of Ousted Socialist Leader
What Bryan Washington Is Cooking
Why These Voters Rejected Hillary Clinton but Are Backing Joe Biden
Some Signs of Recovery From Severe Covid Lung Damage
Trump’s Sanctions on International Court May Do Little Beyond Alienating Allies
‘Out of Control’: When Schools Opened in a Virus Hot Spot
Coronavirus Surge, 2020 Election, M.L.B. Playoffs: Your Weekend Briefing
The Week in Business: Facebook Cracks Down
How Mormons Fed Up With Trump Could Help Lift Biden in Arizona
What the N.B.A.’s East Teams Need: Playmakers and Trade Partners
Homes That Sold for $550,000, or Less
The Sunday Read: ‘Jim Dwyer, About New York’
‘It’s insane’: This is what happened when schools reopened in a virus-hit community.
Pandemic weariness is making it harder to stem outbreaks, health officials say.
A Mysterious Autograph Hound’s Book Is Up for Auction
Dating Means Fear. Again.
What to Cook This Week
A Storied Female Warlord Surrenders, Taliban Say, Exposing Afghan Weakness
A top Palestinian official is in critical condition.
Paleontologists See Stars as Software Bleeps Scientific Terms
Biden Says He Gets Places Like Scranton. Some in Town Aren’t So Sure.
Trump Runs the Kind of Campaign He Likes, but Not the One He Might Need
Using a Law It Hates, Far Right in Spain Takes Aim at Franco’s Rivals
The Conners Return to Confront the Coronavirus
Amy Coney Barrett’s Belief in Originalism: Conservative or Radical?
Is Wishing Trump Ill a Moral Transgression?
Bruce Springsteen Is Living in the Moment
Bess Abell, Social Secretary in Johnson White House, Dies at 87
At Front Lines of a Brutal War: Death and Despair in Nagorno-Karabakh
Anne Washburn Just Wants Her Trump Play to Be Irrelevant
‘We Have to Speak Out’: Thai Students Defy Protest Ban
Man Arrested After Threatening Wichita Mayor Over Face Masks, Police Say
The Facebook-Twitter-Trump Wars Are Actually About Something Else
Refugees Who Assisted the U.S. Military Find the Door to America Slammed Shut
Remote but Inclusive for Years, and Now Showing Other Companies How
N.Y. Shuts Down Hasidic Wedding That Could Have Had 10,000 Guests
The Chicago 7 Trial Onscreen: An Interpretation for Every Era
This U.S. Election Could Be the Most Secure Yet. Here’s Why.
How Will the U.S. Combat Election Day Cyberwarfare? With Paper.
After Fleeing Poland, an Antiracism Activist Finds Refuge in Norway
Your Monday Briefing
As Local News Dies, a Pay-for-Play Network Rises in Its Place
What’s Going On in This Picture? | Oct. 19, 2020
New York shuts down a wedding amid fears it would draw 10,000 people.
New York Post Published Hunter Biden Report Amid Newsroom Doubts
Liverpool’s Van Dijk Needs Surgery, a Cruel Twist in a Tough Year
Colorado Wildfire Grows Into Largest in State History
Rapper Arrested After Bragging About Unemployment Fraud in Video
Prickly Plant
‘Lock Them All Up’: Trump’s Whitmer Attack Fits a Damaging Pattern
Patriots Struggle to Find Their Way After Schedule Shuffle
What We Learned From Week 6 of the N.F.L. Season
As the Virus Surges, Stark Differences Over What Is Around the Corner
What’s in a Neighborhood Name? Marketing, Mostly
China Threatens to Detain Americans if U.S. Prosecutes Chinese Scholars
Democrats Dare to Believe
Donald Trump Is Losing His Touch. So Is the TV Producer Who Shaped His Image.
Disney Adds Warnings for Racist Stereotypes to Some Older Films
With Covid-19 Under Control, China’s Economy Surges Ahead
Nagorno-Karabakh, Coronavirus, Thai Protests: Your Monday Briefing
With Covid-19 under control, China’s economy surges ahead.
No Corrections: Oct. 19, 2020
Quotation of the Day: How the W.N.B.A. Became an Avatar of Social Activism
‘Fargo’ Season 4, Episode 5 Recap: Just Boys
Dodgers Rally to Win N.L.C.S. and Reach 3rd World Series in 4 Years
What’s on TV This Week: ‘The Undoing’ and the Presidential Debate
Biden focuses on shuttered bars and clubs in a new ad faulting Trump.
Trump is racing from rally to rally. But is it helping him?
Word + Quiz: excoriate
Losing Courtside Camaraderie in the Covid Era
Cuomo’s Virus Crackdown Angers Catholics, Who Say They’re Singled Out
‘Vile, Racist Postings’ by N.Y. Court Officers Included Obama in a Noose
An Earthquake, an Orphanage, and New Beginnings for Haitian Children in America
‘If There Were No Hashish Here, You Wouldn’t See a Single House’
‘They Just Get It’: How Women in M.L.B. Found Support in a Group Text
Landslide in Vietnam Kills at Least 20 Military Personnel
Lesson of the Day: ‘With Nowhere to Go, Teens Flock to Among Us’
2,000-Year-Old Cat Etching Found at Nazca Lines Site in Peru
5 Ways Your Ballot Might Be Rejected
Richard Avedon, a Photographer Who Wanted to Outrun the Glitz Factor
What Objects Bring You Comfort?
The Election Isn’t Doomed … Yet
Will Chile Set an Example for True Democracy?
Justice Kavanaugh Unlocked Ways to Fight Foreign Interference
How to Get Your Friends to Stop Treating You Like a Therapist
What Fans of ‘Herd Immunity’ Don’t Tell You
Surprising Results in Initial Virus Testing in N.Y.C. Schools
1619, Revisited
I Was Reagan’s Solicitor General. Here’s What Biden Should Do With the Court.
Think You Have ‘Normal’ Blood Pressure? Think Again
Recognizing Miscarriage as an Occasion for Grief
Are Michigan Democrats in Trouble in Their Senate Race?
Marching Orders for the Next Investment Chief of CalPERS: More Private Equity
A Question of Life and Death Looms for Amy Coney Barrett
Covid Hinders Vital Get-Out-the-Vote Events: Black Family Reunions
Shopping for Beds
Got Crystals? Gem Mining Could Be Your Full-Time Job
Has Trump Drawn the Water for a ‘Republican Blood Bath’?
How Prepared Are These 7 Battlegrounds for the Election? A Readiness Report
The Improbable, Slightly Surreal Plan to Save Fashion’s Printed Matter
Migrant Workers Restricted to Farms Under One Grower’s Virus Lockdown
Mask Mandate? In a Montana Town, It ‘Puts Us at Odds With Customers’
A 30-Mile Rafting Trip Through Alaska’s Tongass National Forest
Migrant farmworkers under lockdown say restrictions severely limit their freedom.
FKA Twigs Has Reached New Heights
Dawoud Bey, Chronicler of Black American Life
Tell T a Joke
Angela Davis Still Believes America Can Change
Barbara Kruger Offers a Dark Mirror for Our Meme-Driven Age
Sigourney Weaver Goes Her Own Way
10,000 Guests at a Hasidic Wedding in Brooklyn? N.Y. Says No.
The Greats
How Much Do You Know About Azerbaijan?
The Field: A Divided Latino Vote in Arizona
Black family reunions are often used to pass down political knowledge. Not in 2020.
A Corporate Court
A Coronavirus Relief Deal Remains Elusive
Europe’s Museums Are Open, but the Public Isn’t Coming
A Plan Just Might Be Coming Together for the Buccaneers
After Teacher’s Decapitation, France Unleashes a Broad Crackdown on ‘the Enemy Within’
Running the Numbers on Biden’s Tax Policy
It’s a Party at Gatsby’s Mansion. No Dancing, Please.
Trump campaigns in Arizona, which was hit hard by the virus.
Europe’s museums are open, but the public isn’t coming.
Hiker Is Found in Zion National Park After Nearly Two Weeks Missing
CVS Health will hire 15,000 more workers ahead of flu season.
What to Know About California’s New Rules for Gathering
Pakistan Rescinds TikTok Ban
African-American History Museum Displays Kobe Bryant’s Jersey
What You Get for $1.1 Million in California
$1.1 Million Homes in California
Why Won’t My Child Sit Still?
The Bubble Doctor Is In: She Keeps Dance Companies Moving
Wildfires Grow in Colorado
Alan S. Boyd, Nation’s First Transportation Chief, Dies at 98
New Musical by Weinstein Accuser Set for Screening
A New Life of Malcolm X Brimming With Detail, Insight and Feeling
Latest Clash Between China and Taiwan: A Fistfight in Fiji
Supreme Court to Review 2 of Trump’s Major Immigration Policies
The Fried Chicken You Need Right Now
Airports screened more than one million travelers for the first time since mid-March.
Fraternity That Reveres Robert E. Lee Faces Revolt Over Racism
David Letterman Isn’t Here to Cheer You Up This Time
Chasing Illicit Money, Global Officials Circle a Puerto Rican Firm
Just the Thing for Miss Muffet’s 21st Birthday
What the Heck Is That?
Eat Your Way Around the World
Brush Up Your Pie Skills
Dan Kluger Helps Vegetables Realize Their Full Potential
The Bills Won the Stefon Diggs Trade. Right?
Slow Lorises Are Adorable but They Bite With Flesh-Rotting Venom
Festival Cancels Abu Dhabi Event After Allegations of Sexual Assault
These Teams Would Like Another Shot at Their 2-Point Conversions
Louis Farrakhan’s Long Record of Bigotry
India Captures Chinese Soldier Along Disputed Mountain Border
Orionids Meteor Shower 2020: Watch It Peak in Night Skies
Murderer Who Wielded Narwhal Tusk to Stop Terrorist Gets Royal Pardon
Behind in Polls, Republicans See a Silver Lining in Voter Registrations
Trump calls Fauci ‘a disaster’ and says Americans are tired of virus warnings from ‘these idiots.’
After big jobs at ABC and Netflix, the executive Channing Dungey takes charge of Warner Bros.
Videos Show Long Voting Lines in Florida
2020 Is Chaotic. Clipping’s New Horror-Rap Album Captures It.
Election Tech That’s Super Simple
U.S. to Sign Limited Trade Deal With Brazil
The Times’s Indictment of President Trump
The Promise of Pawpaw
How to Grow (and Eat) a Pawpaw
Fleetwood Mac’s ‘Rumours’ Returns to the Top 10, Thanks to TikTok
Doctors May Have Found Secretive New Organs in the Center of Your Head
Ancient Philosophy, Meet Modern Pandemic
Ballet Finds Itself on Higher Ground, Overlooking Lincoln Center
U.S. Charges Russian Intelligence Officers in Major Cyberattacks
Become a Better Listener. Your Family Will Thank You.
Armenians Under Fire: Who Will Help?
State Dept. to Remove Sudan From List of Terrorist States
Review: Manly Trump Sinks Waterlogged Liberals in ‘Shipwreck’
Prosecutors Charge Russian Intelligence Officers in Cyberattacks
I Am Watching My Planet, My Home, Die
What I Learned When QAnon Came for Me
Jon Gibson, Minimalist Saxophonist and Composer, Dies at 80
New Yorker Suspends Jeffrey Toobin After Zoom Incident
‘We’re Just Asking Folks to Be Smart,’ New Jersey Governor Says
Oil Industry Turns to Mergers and Acquisitions to Survive
Republican Voters Take a Radical Conspiracy Theory Mainstream
How Failures of the Obama-Era Stimulus Could Guide a Biden Administration
Your Tuesday Briefing
High-Level U.S. Mission to Syria Sought Release of American Prisoners
5 Ways Families Can Prepare as Coronavirus Cases Surge
As Britain Edges Toward Lockdowns, Long-Held Grievances Flare Up
The Unintended Racial Horror of ‘Lovecraft Country’
Clark Middleton, Actor With a Cause, Is Dead at 63
U.S. Imposes Sanctions on Qaeda Financier Who Trades in Gems
Fauci, Voter Registration, Immigration: Your Monday Evening Briefing
‘Utopia’ Review: Charles L. Mee’s New Play Is a Frothy Escape
Unions signal their comfort with reopening Disney parks in California.
Evo Morales Is Out. His Socialist Project Lives On.
Trump Official’s Tweet, and Its Removal, Set Off Flurry of Anti-Mask Posts
Justice Dept. Says Trump’s Denial of Rape Accusation Was an Official Act
A Viral Theory Cited by Health Officials Draws Fire From Scientists
Newsom Says California Will Also Independently Review Vaccine
A Centuries-Old Korean Style Gets an Update
Romans Want to Get Rid of Wild Boars, but Killing Them? That’s Another Matter
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Trump Team Unveils $55 Million Ad Blitz on a Day of Scattershot Attacks
World Series Preview: A Clash of Coasts and Contrasts
Hockey Broadcaster Mike ‘Doc’ Emrick Retires
Trump Official’s Tweet, and Its Removal, Set Off Flurry of Anti-Mask Posts
Cruise Ship Rescues 24 People From Sinking Boat Off Florida Coast
Virus Cases Spike in New Jersey, Threatening ‘Lurch Backward’
Why Biden Will Need to Spend Big
Why Things Are Different This Time
U.S. Diplomats and Spies Battle Trump Administration Over Suspected Attacks
Trump Calls Fauci ‘a Disaster’ and Shrugs Off Virus as Infections Soar
Seven Charged in Flying Squirrel Trafficking Ring, Florida Officials Say
Is the Trump Campaign Colluding With Russia Again?
Supreme Court Tie Gives Pennsylvania More Time to Tally Some Votes
The Encroachment of the Unsayable
Michigan Woman Found Alive at Funeral Home Dies 8 Weeks Later
Trump and Biden Will Be Muted for Parts of Their Next Debate
Temporarily Out of Stock
Intel Casts Off More Memory Chip Business in $9 Billion Deal
Corrections: Oct. 20, 2020
Quotation of the Day: Blockbuster Trade Has Been Good for Both Sides
France Crackdown, Manchester Restrictions, Nazca Lines Cat: Your Tuesday Briefing
Stephen Colbert Anxiously Reads the Latest Polls
Word + Quiz: moribund
Revving Engines
Line Holders Are Paid to Wait All Night Outside Motor Vehicle Offices
1,300 Prisoners Escape From Congo Jail After an Attack Claimed by ISIS
A federal court says Tennessee can’t require first-time voters to appear in person at the polls.
Trump and Biden will be muted during parts of Thursday’s debate.
In Arizona, Trump dismisses the virus and again claims Democrats will ‘destroy’ the suburbs.
As Britain edges toward lockdowns, long-held grievances flare up.
Lesson of the Day: ‘Armenia and Azerbaijan: The Conflict Explained’
1945: Strike Paralyzes Argentina
Mask mandate? In a Montana town, it ‘puts us at odds with customers.’
Line holders are paid to wait all night outside a motor vehicle office.
Jeff Bridges Says He Has Lymphoma
1.5 Million New Yorkers Can’t Afford Food. Pantries Are Their Lifeline.
Kamala Harris, Mass Incarceration and Me
I Used a Sperm Donor. Should I Introduce My Daughter to Her Half Siblings?
What Is Your Favorite Memory of PBS?
Yes, Books Were Bound in Human Skin. An Intrepid Librarian Finds the Proof.
How an Ill-Fated Fishing Voyage Helped Us Understand Covid-19
Judge John Hodgman on Fall A.C. Removal
Celebrating Strange Faces, Gorgeous Sentences and Circular Prose
The Organization System That Changed the World? It’s Thousands of Years Old
Voters Prefer Biden Over Trump on Almost All Major Issues, Poll Shows
Let’s Talk About Constipation During Pregnancy
A New World of Worry
The Pious French Poet Who Palled Around With Picasso and Apollinaire
Trump Is Giving Up
’Tis the Season for Toilet Paper Ornaments
Where Have All the Hospital Patients Gone?
Sam Smith Is Finding a Place Inside Queer Spaces
The Dystopian Police State the Trump Administration Wants
The Real Divide in America Is Between Political Junkies and Everyone Else
My Brother Died of Brain Cancer. 20 Years Later, I Had It, Too.
A Gated Community in N.Y.C. Where Trump Flags Fly
How Should an Atheist Think About Death?
After 2 Hurricanes, Lake Charles Fears Its Cries for Help Have Gone Unheard
In China, the Formidable Prosecutor Turned Lonely Rights Defender
Facing a Deluge of Misinformation, Colorado Takes the Offensive Against It
When Start-Ups Go Into the Garage (or Sometimes the Living Room)
A Multifunctional Retreat in Austin, Texas
An Almost-Lake House in Texas, Renovated for Work and Art
The Big Role That Big Donors Still Play, Quietly, for Joe Biden
Voters favor Biden over Trump on almost all major issues, a new poll shows.
What to Know About N.Y.’s Plastic Bag Ban
A Pivotal Senate Race in North Carolina
Colorado is fighting back against election misinformation.
The Virus in Three Charts
In one Montana town, mask rules vary by the business.
The pandemic has pushed some Silicon Valley start-ups back into the garage.
The Case(s) Against Big Tech
A Supreme Court Split on Voting
Stocks rise in the U.S. ahead of Tuesday’s deadline that Pelosi set for stimulus talks.
Peter Madsen, Who Killed Kim Wall in a Submarine, Briefly Escapes Prison
A Memphis poll worker was fired for turning away voters wearing ‘Black Lives Matter’ shirts.
1.5 million New Yorkers can’t afford food. Pantries are their lifeline.
Trump describes hypothetical quid pro quo with Exxon. Exxon says: ‘It never happened.’
As McConnell advises White House against pre-election stimulus deal, Pelosi and Mnuchin make headway in talks.
It’s Time to Try Virtual Reality. Here’s Where to Start.
U.S. Accuses Google of Illegally Protecting Monopoly
Weekly News Quiz for Students: Coronavirus Cases, Poverty, Tourism for One
The Power of Latino Voters
Stock buybacks are about to get more complicated.
Six Enormous Hot-Dog-Shaped Vehicles Travel America, Spreading Only Brand Awareness and Joy
Recent Commercial Real Estate Transactions
Apple iPhone 12 Review: Superfast Speed, if You Can Find It
Opinion Today: Trump’s Blueprint for Dystopian Policing
N.Y. Accuses Christian Group of Misleading Consumers on Health Coverage
Rush Limbaugh Says His Lung Cancer Is ‘Going in the Wrong Direction’
Gillian Flynn Knows ‘Utopia’ Has ‘Unsettling’ Covid Parallels
Wear Your Heart on Your Feet
Frenchette Opens a Bakery Nearby
In ‘Lobster War,’ Indigenous Canadians Face Attacks by Fishermen
What Is Happening With the Antitrust Suit Against Google?
Read the Antitrust Lawsuit Against Google
It’s Google’s World. We Just Live in It.
Whispers of an Italian-Jewish Past Fill a Composer’s Music
Did Bayern Complete Its Rebuild While No One Noticed?
Seeking Solar System’s Secrets, NASA’s OSIRIS-REX Mission Touches Bennu Asteroid
With Black Artists’ Input, One Gallery Is ‘Starting to Look Different’
What Pandemic? Japanese Film Draws a Record Flood of Moviegoers
Big donors play a key, and quiet, role in the Biden campaign.
Ireland Reimposes National Lockdown
E.U. Tells Cyprus and Malta to Abandon ‘Golden Passports’
The Debate Over Expanding the Supreme Court
Will Florida, the Recount State, Be Ready for the Election?
A Police Officer Is Killed and Another Is Wounded in Houston
Rev. John Vakulskas Dies at 76; Carnivals Were His Parish
Presidential Elections May Be Bad for Your Health
These Thai Dishes Are No Longer Just for Weekends
The Blood-Broth Noodles at Pata Paplean Are Elusive No More
Goldman Sachs Is Said to Admit Mistakes in 1MDB Scandal
A Bucket Bag Originally Intended to Carry Champagne
After Doping Scandal, Russia Hacked the Olympics, U.S. and Britain Say
To avoid quarantining students, a school district tries moving them around every 15 minutes.
Rebecca Cryer, 73, Tribal Judge and Oklahoma City Bomb Survivor, Dies
City Winery Opens in Hudson River Park
Democrats Gain in Georgia Senate Races as Presidential Race Remains Tied
A Spooky Fall Poem
Here Are the Hundreds of Sites in a Pay-to-Play Local News Network
Why the Government Is Suing Google
In deep-blue New York City, a gated beachfront haven where Trump flags fly.
Spencer Davis, Whose Band Helped Power the Sound of the ’60s, Dies at 81
Spanish Judge Releases a Fugitive Italian Mafia Suspect
‘Temping’ Is a Workplace Drama for One. You’re Hired.
In Don DeLillo’s New Novel, Technology Is Dead. Civilization Might Be, Too.
Modi Warns India to Keep Its Guard Up as Hindu Festival Season Nears
A TV Station’s Mistake Highlights Fears of Election Night Misinformation
Emiratis Land in Israel, Firming New Ties and Angering Palestinians
Trump’s Attack on Fauci
As Far as Luc Tuymans Is Concerned, Nothing Is Original
Is Florida, the recount state, ready for the election?
Tiny Love Stories: ‘Our Refuge From Reality’
The Spiritual Exercises
A Priest Who Left the Church for Love
Review: A Satire of Social Media That Aims at Too Many Targets
Your Wednesday Briefing
No, New York Isn’t Putting New Jersey on the Quarantine List
Fiancée Sues Saudi Crown Prince Over Khashoggi Killing
Trump’s Antibody ‘Cure’ Will Be in Short Supply
Long Early Voting Lines in Wisconsin, Tennessee and Georgia
College Students Aren’t on Campus. Their Missing Votes Could Make a Difference.
‘It’s a New Day’: Sudan Exults in Move to Take It Off List of Terror States
Martin Amis Offers the ‘Inside Story’ of His Relationships With Three Famous Writers
Anthony Chisholm Dies at 77; Acclaimed in August Wilson Roles
San Francisco Takes Action on Racial Profiling in 911 Calls
Marine General Removed After Subordinates Say He Used Racial Slur
Some Democrats fear losing college students’ votes because of widespread remote learning.
How ‘Spygate’ Attacks Fizzled
Google, Early Voting, World Series: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
Welcome to Life in the Swing State of Pennsylvania
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Should a Neutral-Site World Series Become Baseball’s New Normal?
Facebook and Twitter Are Still Tinkering With Democracy
As Election Nears, Government and Tech Firms Push Back on Russia (and Trump)
N.T.S.B. Says Delays Made California Boat Fire More Deadly
Watergate Led to Reforms. Now, Would-Be Reformers Believe, So Will Trump.
‘It Has Hit Us With a Vengeance’: Virus Surges Again Across the United States
The Justice Dept.’s Lawsuit Against Google: Too Little, Too Late
U.S. and Russia Appear to Edge Toward Extension of Nuclear Treaty
Kamala Harris Tells Voters to ‘Honor the Ancestors’
Nigerian Forces Fire on Protesters
How the F.D.A. Stood Up to the President
Google Up Against Laws That Thwarted Microsoft (and Others Since 1890)
Trump Taunts Lesley Stahl of ‘60 Minutes’ After Cutting Off Interview
Elliott Broidy Pleads Guilty in Foreign Lobbying Case
Breonna Taylor Grand Juror Says Homicide Charges Were Not Presented
To Test Virus Vaccines, U.K. Study Will Intentionally Infect Volunteers
The Pandemic’s Real Toll? 300,000 Deaths, and It’s Not Just From the Coronavirus
The Intelligence Director Who Is Undermining Trust and Truth
A Democratic Super PAC Surge Helps Biden Expand His Map
Trump Records Shed New Light on Chinese Business Pursuits
McConnell Moves to Head Off Stimulus Deal as Pelosi Reports Progress
Trump Calls on Barr to ‘Act’ Against Biden Before Election
After the Pandemic, a Revolution in Education and Work Awaits
Disneyland and Other California Theme Parks Get Rules for Reopening
Nancy Goroff, Antonio Delgado and Tom Malinowski for Congress
India Returns a Chinese Soldier Who Got Lost Looking for Yaks
Trump Campaign’s $63 Million Dwarfed by Biden’s $177 Million
Fairly
Quotation of the Day: Collaborative Push Against Vote Attacks by Russia (and Trump)
Corrections: Oct. 21, 2020
New & Noteworthy Visual Books, From Extraordinary Women to Van Gogh’s Letters
Your Wednesday Briefing
Apollo Board Will Review Leon Black’s Ties to Jeffrey Epstein
Voters in Two States Report Threatening ‘Vote for Trump’ Emails
The Dodgers piled on the runs and seized control of the World Series.
Your Election Questions Answered
What Questions Do You Have About the Election?
Are You Having Issues With Your Mail-In Ballot?
Vanessa Guillen Died ‘in the Line of Duty,’ Army Officials Say
Voters in Florida and Alaska received threatening ‘vote for Trump’ emails.
‘We Cannot Kill That Little Chihuahua’: Actor’s Puppy Crusade Shines Light on Global Trade
Word + Quiz: wheedle
Records shed new light on Trump’s business pursuits in China, including a bank account there.
Late Night Doesn’t Think It’s Possible to Mute Trump
The Steelers’ Style Isn’t Old-Fashioned. Call It Retro Chic.
World Series
Flattened Basketballs as Art
Lesson of the Day: ‘Seeing Our Own Reflection in the Birth of the Self-Portrait’
Belching Cows and Endless Feedlots: Fixing Cattle’s Climate Issues
‘Billion Dollar Loser’ Recounts WeWork’s Big Dreams and Its Harsh Wake-Up Call
Donald Trump’s Strongman Act, and Its Limits
Have You Ever Felt Embarrassed by Your Parents?
Why Running Won’t Ruin Your Knees
She’s Evangelical, ‘Pro-Life’ and Voting for Biden
The Fed-Up Chef
Depression in Pregnancy May Raise Risk of Childhood Asthma
Winter Is Coming for Bars. Here’s How to Save Them. And Us.
This Tuna-Salad Sandwich Is Julia Child-Approved Lunch
Your Work Friends Knew Exactly What Kind of Week You’d Had
The Philosophy That Makes Amy Coney Barrett So Dangerous
Three Tests, a Private Jet and a New Rule: How Nick Saban Made Kickoff
When the Doctor Is a Covid ‘Long Hauler’
Keith Jarrett Confronts a Future Without the Piano
The Police Can Probably Break Into Your Phone
The Fed’s $4 Trillion Lifeline Never Materialized. Here’s Why.
I Spoke to a Scholar of Conspiracy Theories and I’m Scared for Us
Less Posing, More Pruning: Stylish Gardening Clothes Arrive
Casting a Critical Eye, From the Slaughterhouse to the White House
‘I Came From Nothing’: An Undocumented Writer Defies the Odds
Museums Are Back, but Different: A Visitor’s Guide
As Tropical Destinations Reopen, Here’s What Travelers Need to Know
Is a Second Wave Starting? New Yorkers Are Steeling Themselves
Worried About Covid-19 in the Winter? Alaska Provides a Cautionary Tale
The Little-Known Women Behind Some Well-Known Landscapes
Placing Women on a Different Sort of Pedestal
A Biden Landslide? Some Democrats Can’t Help Whispering
What if Beating Trump Is the Easy Part?
At the U.S. Olympic and Paralympic Museum, All Athletes Are Equal
From 2 Artists, 2 Ways to Tell Stories of Black America
False Political News in Spanish Pits Latino Voters Against Black Lives Matter
2 Broke Artists Started a Bakery at Home. It’s a Pandemic Hit.
Google Antitrust Fight Thrusts Low-Key C.E.O. Into the Line of Fire
50 States, 50 Scares
Living In ... Washington, Conn.
Washington, Conn.: A ‘Cultured Place’ With a Sense of History
Demand for Pakistan Visas Sets Off Deadly Stampede in Afghanistan
LeBron James on Black Voter Participation, Misinformation and Trump
Surprising Census Results in N.Y.C.
Epsilon Is Now a Category 3 Hurricane
Who Made My Puzzle?
A Misinformation Test for Social Media
The battle to control the airwaves: a visual guide to campaign spending.
The New Trustbusting
A readers’ guide to our coverage of the Google antitrust case.
‘White Noise’ Review: Hearing Dog Whistles Loud and Clear
‘Rebecca’ Review: A Classic Tale, but There’s Only One Hitch
The Justice Dept. vs. Google
A Brief History of Questionable Parenting Advice
Asbestos, a Canadian Mining Town, Votes to Detoxify Its Name
What Did Google Do?
Growing Scenes for London Artists: Towns and Suburbs
Proposition 16 and Debates About Racial Equity
Does Palantir See Too Much?
Going From His Childhood Bedroom to the N.B.A. Draft
Senate Bill Would Outlaw Bank Discrimination for the First Time
How to Take Better Pet Portraits
What You Get for $2 Million
$2 Million Homes in Michigan, Florida and New York
Five questions about the antitrust case against Google.
Mookie Betts Leads Dodgers’ Stars With a Masterly Performance
Scottish History Meets Italian Tile and Glass
House Hunting in Scotland: Vintage Mansion Meets Modern Style for $2 Million
Sam Elliott lends his iconic baritone to a patriotic pitch for Biden during the World Series.
Trump and Harris head to North Carolina today, and Pence speaks in New Hampshire and Ohio.
Teofimo Lopez Has No Lack of Confidence, or Championship Belts
Activists Turn Facial Recognition Tools Against the Police
2 Art Gallery Shows to See Right Now
Around Atlanta, Many White Suburbanites Are Sticking With Trump
Analyst Who Reported the Infamous Trump Tape Rumor Wants to Clear His Name
The Case for Sausage Rolls
LeBron James has a new push to fight misinformation among Black voters. Don’t ask him about Trump.
Robert DeMora Dies at 85; Helped Make Bette Midler Look Divine
In Shift for Church, Pope Francis Voices Support for Same-Sex Civil Unions
Meet the Diabolical Ironclad Beetle. It’s Almost Uncrushable.
In Azerbaijan, Pain and Loss Drive War Fever
Purdue Pharma Pleads Guilty to Criminal Charges for Opioid Sales
The F.D.A. Wanted to Ban Some Hair Straighteners. It Never Happened.
A man in Maryland was arrested and charged with threatening to kidnap and kill Biden and Harris.
Trump casts doubt on stimulus deal with Democrats.
With Trump on defense in key states, some nervous Democrats quietly contemplate a Biden landslide.
What Is a Militia? And Why Is the Word So Controversial These Days?
Jacob Lawrence Painting, Missing for Decades, Is Found by Met Visitor
A Crackdown in Ann Arbor
Trump’s Behavior as the Election Nears
Two Children Killed in Trenton, Where Violence Is Surging
Manslaughter Charge Urged for Israeli Officer in Killing of Autistic Palestinian
What Cows Eat Affects Climate
Westminster Dog Show Will Move Outdoors in 2021
Police Can Open Your Phone. It’s OK
How the Vibraphonist Joel Ross Keeps Finding Fresh Rhythms
Cuomo Lifts Some Lockdown Rules in N.Y.C. Hot Spots as Rates Drop
Nigeria’s Police Brutality Crisis: What’s Happening Now
Thailand’s Leader Offers End to Crackdown on Pro-Democracy Protesters
Parents of 545 Children Separated at the Border Cannot Be Found
Justice Department Announces Settlement With Purdue Pharma
Biden Has Narrow Lead in Iowa, and Senate Race Is Tight, Poll Shows
A Holistic Approach to Diversity at Museums
Making a New Start in a Business of Their Own
After Delay, Ticket Holders Are Getting Refunds for Two Concerts
Ruth Falcon, Soprano Turned Master Teacher, Dies at 77
Think Outside the Opera House, and Inside the Parking Garage
Nigerians Protest Police Brutality
New York Will Ease Restrictions in Coronavirus Hot Spots
Europe Challenges U.S. Treasuries With Pandemic Bond Sale
‘The Queen’s Gambit’ Review: Coming of Age, One Move at a Time
‘Borat Subsequent Moviefilm’ Review: More Cultural Learnings
‘Literally, We Crushed It’: Video Shows NASA Space Probe Touch an Asteroid
Two New York Neighborhoods Set the Stage for Decadence and Loss
What Will Happen to All the Flight Attendants?
Tony Todd on the Joy of ‘Candyman,’ and the Role of Black Horror
Theater to Stream: Cabaret Lives Online and Zombies Walk the Stage
Your Thursday Briefing
Finally, a Subway Map With Real-Time Train Locations and Delays
Senators Debate Virus Relief Package
What Topics Do Our Readers Want Trump and Biden to Debate?
Big Tech’s Professional Opponents Strike at Google
No, mouthwash will not save you from the coronavirus, despite that study going around.
‘Shuffle Along’ and Insurer Drop Pregnancy-Prompted Lawsuit
2 Murders 3 Decades Ago: A Podcaster and a TV Producer Dig In
South Korea Tries to Quell Anxiety Over Flu Shots After 13 Unexplained Deaths
Vandals Deface Dozens of Artworks in Berlin Museums
Finding Comfort in the In-Between Season
Modern Love Podcast: When Getting Old Never Happens
Amtrak Warns of Layoffs and Project Delays Without Billions in Assistance
N.J. Governor Leaves Event After Staff Member Tests Positive for Virus
No, Mouthwash Will Not Save You From the Coronavirus
France, Waging a Crackdown, Honors a Teacher and Depicts a Plot in Beheading
Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie: Nigeria Is Murdering Its Citizens
A Dozen Protesters in Nigeria Reported Killed by Security Forces
Stan Van Gundy Hired as Coach of the Pelicans
How Trump and Biden Are Gearing Up for the Last Presidential Debate
J. Michael Lane, a General in the Rout of Smallpox, Dies at 84
The Coronavirus Has Claimed 2.5 Million Years of Potential Life in the U.S., Study Finds
Meet the Next Generation of Cabaret Showstoppers
TikTok Cracks Down on QAnon and Hate Speech
Ex-Spy Was Central to Project Veritas Hiring Effort, Testimony Shows
Misinformation in America Thrives in Two Languages
San Quentin Ordered to Reduce Prison Population by Half Over Virus Fears
U.S. Still Seeking Clues to Mystery Illness Afflicting Diplomats and Spies
Pope Francis, Purdue Pharma, Scary Novels: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing
Quibi, Short-Form Streaming Service, Quickly Shuts Down
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
TikTok Cracks Down on QAnon and Hate Speech
Clause in Citi Field Lease Could Impede Steve Cohen’s Mets Purchase
Google Has Edge in Antitrust Fight
Trump Casts Doubt on Stimulus Deal as Republicans Resist a Possible Compromise
Wisconsin Lines Up to Vote. How Long Did They Wait?
What We Know About the Election From Early Voting
Donald and Joe Are Ready to Go
James A. Johnson, Democratic Power Broker, Dies at 76
Obama Mocks Trump’s Chinese Bank Account: ‘They Would’ve Called Me Beijing Barry’
The C.D.C. updates its definition of ‘close contact’ in relation to infection risk.
Apollo founder’s ties to Jeffrey Epstein prompt a pension fund to halt new investments.
Purdue Pharma Plea Offers Little Solace to Survivors of Opioid Crisis
Rudy Giuliani Denies He Did Anything Wrong in New ‘Borat’ Movie
Iran and Russia Seek to Influence Election in Final Days, U.S. Officials Warn
Trump in North Carolina: ‘All you hear is Covid, Covid, Covid, Covid, Covid.’
Mass Grave Unearthed in Tulsa During Search for Massacre Victims
Grenell Pursued Talks Over Change of Power in Venezuela
Supreme Court Bars Curbside Voting in Alabama
Ones Arranging Spots
Puzzle Solver’s Cry
James Randi, Magician Who Debunked Paranormal Claims, Dies at 92
In a 5-to-3 ruling, the Supreme Court blocks the use of curbside or ‘drive-up’ voting in Alabama.
Quotation of the Day: ‘Particles Are Flying’: Video of NASA Touching Asteroid
Corrections: Oct. 22, 2020
How To Listen To ‘Sway’
Man Pleads Guilty to Cyberstalking Tulsa Mayor Before Trump Rally
Nigeria Protests, Coronavirus, Pope Francis: Your Thursday Briefing
N.F.L. Week 7 Predictions: Our Picks Against the Spread
World Series: Rays Bounce Back With a Narrow Win Over the Dodgers
Iran and Russia are using voter data to try to influence the election, officials say.
A campaign reshaped by the pandemic enters its final stages with tonight’s debate in Nashville.
Can Trump Win? Yes. But the Path Is Narrow and Difficult.
Many white suburban Georgia voters hold firm with Trump.
Jimmy Kimmel Tackles Trump’s Secret Chinese Bank Account
Word + Quiz: chimera
Giuliani denies he did anything wrong in the new ‘Borat’ movie.
Obama mocks Trump’s Chinese bank account: ‘They would’ve called me Beijing Barry.’
A struggling bar owner in a Biden ad also happened to be an ‘angel investor.’ The ad disappeared.
Trump in North Carolina: ‘All you hear is Covid, Covid, Covid, Covid, Covid.’
Marge Champion, Dancer, Actor and Choreographer, Dies at 101
After Months of Election Mishaps, Can N.Y.C. Pull Off Early Voting?
How Democrats Are Celebrating Biden’s Polling Lead: With Abject Dread
Europe Wonders if It Can Rely on U.S. Again, Whoever Wins
Red and Black Map
Parents Are Worried About Schools. Are the Candidates?
Forgotten on the presidential campaign: schools in crisis.
European leaders will watch the debate wondering whether they can still rely on the U.S.
Lesson of the Day: An Election News Game
Trump in North Carolina: ‘All you hear is Covid, Covid, Covid, Covid, Covid.’
‘These are everyday people who are dying’: A study offers a new picture of the lives lost to the virus.
How to Scatter Cremated Remains
Who Do You Hope Will Win the 2020 Presidential Election?
A Couple Play the Long Game With Manhattan Amenities. Which of These Options Would You Choose?
Pete Buttigieg Dropped Out of the Presidential Race and Wrote a Best Seller
The Golden Age of Egyptology Was Also a Time of Plunder
Mail Ballots Are Already Being Rejected. Guess Whose?
The Relentless Shrinking of Trump’s Base
I Learned This Stress-Management Trick When I Was 3
Should You Choose Your Baby’s Eye Color?
When Schools Closed, These Remote Learners Needed Extra Help
Google, You Can’t Buy Your Way Out of This
Could Dance Be a Weapon All Over Again?
Putting Pencil to Paper, in Galleries and in the Voting Booth
Poem: Good Deeds
The Elimination Diet for Skin
Pandemic-Forced Isolation Opens New Artistic Pathways
Help! My Travel Agency Shut Down and I’m Out $2,000
What Does Amy Coney Barrett Mean for the Supreme Court?
At 12, She’s a Covid ‘Long Hauler’
He Was a Rising Jazz Pianist. Then His N.Y.C. Dreams Were Shattered.
A First-Time Survey of Asian Art Gets a Second Chance to Dazzle
America and the Virus: ‘A Colossal Failure of Leadership’
Elijah Pierce, Outsider Artist, Finds a Spotlight at the Right Time
Michelle Obama’s ‘Becoming’ Editor Starts Her Own Publishing Firm
Art Auctions Embrace a Future of Socially Distant Bidding
Top Investigator in Google Case Says There ‘Was Not a Rush’ to Sue
TV Ratings for Many Sports Are Down. Don’t Read Too Much Into It Yet.
To Cover College Quarantines, We Turned to the Best Sources: Student Journalists
Republicans Advance Barrett’s Supreme Court Nomination as Democrats Boycott
A Member of Congress and a Doctor Have Voting Advice for You
For High-End Galleries, It’s a Season of Upended Exhibitions
Forget Antitrust Laws. To Limit Tech, Some Say a New Regulator Is Needed.
Trump Promised Seniors Drug Discount Cards. They May Be Illegal.
OSHA Criticized for Lax Regulation of Meatpacking in Pandemic
The Newest Thing in Fashion? Old Clothes
In Texas Towns Gutted by Covid-19, a Fragile Effort to Sustain a Cherished Sport
Costume Drama: The Highs and Lows of Superhero Uniforms
Trump’s Cash Crunch Limits His Options and Prompts Finger-Pointing
OSHA is under fire over its regulation of meatpacking plants.
Grateful for a Wedding in Prison
New York Lockdown Rules: What to Know
Democrats have a contingency plan if Trump prematurely declares victory, senator says.
In Munich, a Theater’s Ambitious New Era Starts Mid-Pandemic
Hurricane Epsilon Swerves by Bermuda After a ‘Wobbly’ Northwest Turn
An Electric Car With Swedish Roots, and a Rebellious Streak
A Peculiar Way to Pick a President
The virus has dimmed the Friday night lights of football in Texas.
The Latino Gender Gap
‘Over the Moon’ Review: After Loss, a Lunar Adventure
‘Ham on Rye’ Review: Coming of Age, With Existential Unease
‘Radium Girls’ Review: When Work Takes a Toxic Turn
‘Midnight in Paris’ Review: Everybody on the Dance Floor
‘Coming Home Again’ Review: Confronting Mortality Through Cooking
‘Synchronic’ Review: Twisted, Trippy Trips Through Time
‘The Place of No Words’ Review: Shared Illusions
What Are Iran and Russia Up To?
Quibi’s Quick End
Lebanon’s Former Prime Minister Tapped to Lead Again Despite Cries for Change
Puerto Rico’s 911 call centers close after employees test positive.
Six former commerce secretaries endorse Biden.
Watch Live: Senate Panel Vote on Judge Barrett’s Nomination
The Worst Virus Outbreaks in the U.S. Are Now in Rural Areas
Vatican Extends Deal With China Over Appointment of Bishops
New state unemployment claims in the U.S. fell below 800,000 last week.
The pandemic is upending job seekers’ plans, and states’ support systems.
The Uber Battle on California’s Ballot
Why Doesn’t My Mom Realize What Her Vote Means for Me?
How Is the Pandemic Shaping Home Design?
The T List: Five Things We Recommend This Week
On the Market in New York City
Homes for Sale in Brooklyn, Manhattan and the Bronx
A two-track recovery: those returning to jobs and those who don’t expect to.
On the Market in the New York Region
Homes for Sale in New York and Connecticut
Wikipedia and W.H.O. Join to Combat Covid-19 Misinformation
Copenhagen Mayor Resigns Amid #MeToo Wave in Denmark
How Trump and Biden Differ on the Environment
Approval of the Trump economic record is buoyant, among those who kept their jobs.
Thanks to Trump, Huawei’s Cool New Phones Might Be Limited Edition
A German Painter’s New Rule: ‘Never Answer a Critic’
Poland Court Ruling Effectively Bans Legal Abortions
Running Live Dance Drills at the Armory
Pence campaigns in Michigan and Indiana today, as Harris speaks at a virtual rally.
An iPad Studio Tour Finds Bruce Nauman Pushing Limits
Deana Lawson Wins Guggenheim’s Hugo Boss Prize
‘Friendsgiving’ Review: Dysfunction With All the Trimmings
Some Republicans Are Abandoning the Trump Ship
Deposition of Ghislaine Maxwell, Charged in Epstein Case, Is Revealed
How Income Inequality Has Erased Your Chance to Drink the Great Wines
How to Reopen the American Mind
These Winged Dinosaurs Hurtled Through the Trees Like Haywire Hang Gliders
What Do Polls Say About the Issues on the Agenda for Tonight’s Debate?
Republicans Move Barrett’s Nomination to Senate Floor
Brooklyn Botanic Garden Turns Over a New Leaf
Read the Ghislaine Maxwell Deposition
‘Bad Hair’ Review: That Weave Is Killer
Rays Rely on a Bullpen With a Simple Aim: Throw It Over the Plate
Read the Ghislaine Maxwell Deposition
Goldman Sachs Malaysia Arm Pleads Guilty in 1MDB Fraud
What’s Going On in This Graph? | World Leader Ages
7 Things to Do This Weekend
7 Months Into the Pandemic and I’m Losing Motivation. Help!
Seasons Change. Classic Drinks Do, Too.
Pelosi says stimulus deal may wait until after the election, as key differences remain unresolved.
Why the 5G Pushiness? Because $$$.
The 2020 Election: What’s Your Prediction?
James Redford, Documentarian and Environmentalist, Dies at 58
‘The Witches’ Review: A Tale of Mice and Women, Toil and Trouble
The worst virus outbreaks in the U.S. are now in rural areas.
Houston teachers stage a sickout over virus safety after the district loosens its closure policy.
Trump Holds Small Lead in Conservative Kansas, Poll Shows
The Final Debate Will Cover Six Main Issues. Here’s Where Trump and Biden Stand.
Where Europe’s Second Wave Is Filling Up Hospitals
‘What the Constitution Means to Me’ Review: Pursuits of Happiness
Take Comfort in Pumpkin This Season
Trump Still Miles Ahead of Biden in Social Media Engagement
Mayor Lonnie Norman, Whose Town Hosts Bonnaroo, Dies at 79
Colorado trailer-park tenants say their landlord threatened to double rent if Biden won.
Amazon workers threaten to shut down warehouses if employees don’t get a day off to vote.
Review: A Quieter, Virtual Fall for Dance, With Starriness Intact
How Much Watching Time Do You Have This Weekend?
Chirping Birds, Dancers and an Audience That Tops Out at 10
A New Oath for 140 Future Doctors in Pandemic N.Y.
No Grumpy Old Men in the World of Chimps
The Pope and Same-Sex Civil Unions
‘The Undoing’ Review: Murder, Actually
Alexandra Korry, 61, Dies; Pushed to End Solitary for Juveniles
‘Russian Troll Farm’ Review: Clock In, Undermine Democracy, Clock Out
Martin Amis Is Committed to the Pleasure Principle in Books
Digital Hygiene in the Zoom Era
With Billions at Stake, New York Sues Trump Over ‘Anarchist’ Label
Want a Halloween Thriller as Daring as ‘Psycho’? Try ‘Peeping Tom’
The Artist and Musician Conjuring a World of Queer Fantasy
How Democrats Won the War of Ideas
What Are the Rules for Trump and Biden’s Last Debate?
Protecting Your Birth: A Guide For Black Mothers
Grim, Ghastly and Gruesome: New Horror Fiction
How to Create Your Own Herbal Tea Garden
Can I Safely Send My Kid to Day Care? We Asked the Experts
5 Can’t-Miss Novels for Halloween
Your Friday Briefing
Iowa Never Locked Down. Its Economy Is Struggling Anyway.
Russia Poses Greater Election Threat Than Iran, Many U.S. Officials Say
Trump Posts ‘60 Minutes’ Interview After Telling Lesley Stahl: ‘That’s No Way to Talk’
A Radical Cleric Ignites an Islamist Resistance in Afghanistan
‘We Are Not Going to Lie Down’: A Coronavirus Revolt in England
Family of Lauren McCluskey Agrees to $13.5 Million Settlement in Daughter’s Death
Pelosi Says a Stimulus Deal Is ‘Close’ and Is ‘Pleased’ With Progress
What Students Are Saying About Objects of Comfort, Lessons From TV and Political Divisions
Halloween’s Not Canceled: Here’s How to Make It Spooky but Safe
Unemployment Claims Are Down, but Many Workers Lower Expectations
An Ex-Trump Insider Looks to Our Future With Russia and China
A #MeToo Awakening Stirs in Iran
Goldman Sachs to Pay Nearly $3 Billion in 1MDB Case
Trump Campaign Draws Rebuke for Surveilling Philadelphia Voters
The Many Mariah Careys
Read the document
Judge Dismisses Third-Degree Murder Charge in George Floyd Killing
Manafort Prosecution Barred by Double Jeopardy Rule, N.Y. Appeals Court Says
Hedge Fund Magnate Is Moving His $41 Billion Firm From N.Y. to Florida
11 New Books We Recommend This Week
Presidential Debate, Russia, Fall Cocktails: Your Thursday Evening Briefing
6 Are Shot in Brooklyn as N.Y.C.’s Summer of Violence Spills Into Fall
Trump Issues Order Giving Him More Leeway to Hire and Fire Federal Workers
Schoolchildren Seem Unlikely to Fuel Coronavirus Surges, Scientists Say
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
The Case Against Google
F.D.A. Approves Remdesivir as First Drug to Treat Covid-19
Biden Punts on Expanding the Supreme Court, Calling for a Panel to Study Changes
Court blocks Trump from getting undocumented immigrants’ census data for his reapportionment plan.
Another Failed Drug Test Is Linked to a Bob Baffert Horse
Late-Season Wildfires Rampage Through Colorado
When Libertarianism Goes Bad
Film Club: ‘Why Voting in This U.S. Election Will Not Be Equal’
F.T.C. Decision on Pursuing Facebook Antitrust Case Is Said to Be Near
Wrong or Imprecise? Understanding the Polls in the 2016 and 2020 Elections
How an Aversion to Masks Stems From ‘Toxic Masculinity’
Florida Deputies to Add Security After Armed Men Appear at Polling Site
We Dared to Assemble. For That, We Were Killed.
What We Know and Don’t About Hunter Biden and a Laptop
Full Analysis and Highlights of the Trump vs. Biden Debate
Corrections: Oct. 23, 2020
Experts Tell F.D.A. It Should Gather More Safety Data on Covid-19 Vaccines
Debate Preview: There Will Be Muting
Watch Live: The Final 2020 Presidential Debate
Police Killing of Black Man Sets Off Protests in Illinois
Appeals Court Says Uber and Lyft Must Treat California Drivers as Employees
Pope Francis’ Views on Same-Sex Civil Unions Were Cut From a 2019 Vatican Interview
Trump and Biden Spar Over Vaccine
Biden Criticizes Trump’s Pandemic Response
Trump pledges to release his taxes, again, but does not say when.
Quotation of the Day: G.O.P. Advances Barrett’s Nomination Over a Democratic Boycott
Out of Work in America
Biden slams Trump over migrant family separations at the border.
Trump and Biden Disagree on How to Safely Reopen Businesses
Addressing systemic racism, Kristen Welker asks the candidates about ‘The Talk.’
Trump and Biden Differ on Health Care Plans
Biden calls Trump ‘one of the most racist presidents we’ve had in modern history.’
Who Won the Presidential Debate?
Biden Denounces Trump’s Relationship with Kim Jong-un
Biden Says Family Separations Have Made U.S. a ‘Laughingstock’
In Calmer Debate, Biden and Trump Offer Sharply Different Visions for Nation
For Biden and Trump, Stark Contrasts on Alternative Energy
$15 Minimum Wage Spurs Dissent Between Trump and Biden
NBC’s Kristen Welker Manages to Keep Order at Final Debate
Trump and Biden’s Final Debate: Your Friday Briefing
I Was Done Dating. Then I Joined a Hookup App.
Trump Tries One Last Debate Trick: Be Less Like Himself
Swimming to Sanity in Melbourne’s Lockdown
Iowa never locked down. Its economy is struggling anyway.
Florida deputies will add security after armed men appeared at a polling site.
The 2020 campaign is different, but Mr. Trump is not.
Russia poses a bigger election threat than Iran, many U.S. officials say.
Winter Sports Athletes Are Crisscrossing Europe for Races. Is That a Good Idea?
A website for a G.O.P. House candidate flings a racist attack at a journalist.
Kristen Welker kept things under control (the muting helped).
Biden campaign has $100 million more in the bank than Trump’s.
Word + Quiz: askew
E.U. Says Veggie Burgers Can Keep Their Name
Stephen Colbert Celebrates Trump’s Final Debate
Watch: Highlights From the Final 2020 Presidential Debate
Who Won the Debate? Political Observers Weigh In
China loomed large in the debate, but largely as a caricatured place of shady deals and a deadly virus.
Our Lives on Social Media
A Common Retort After Insensitive Remarks by Elected Leaders: Resign
‘At Capacity’: Covid-19 Patients Push U.S. Hospitals to Brink
In a calmer debate, Trump and Biden offer sharply different visions of the pandemic.
News Quiz: Russia, Google, World Series
For Italy’s Masked Rap Diva, an Era of Face Coverings Poses a Dilemma
Looking for Work, and Hope: Jobless Americans Tell Their Stories
The U.S. reported its second-highest daily case total since the start of the pandemic.
In the West, Lightning Grows as a Cause of Damaging Fires
Weekly Health Quiz: Elections, Knees and a New Organ?
What Does Your Unique Style Say About You?
The Cautionary Tale of Adam Neumann and WeWork
The Radicalization of a Small American Town
Why Can’t We See All of the Government’s Virus Data?
The Rich in New York Confront an Unfamiliar Word: No
Falling in Love, One Letter at a Time
The Complexity in ‘Where Are You From?’
The Word Through the Grapevine: Yes
Inspired by Miniature Paintings, Shahzia Sikander Goes Big
Instead, a Short Run to the Altar
How a Fix-It Guru Spends Her Sundays
Setting a Record at the Retirement Community
Making a Name of Their Own
This Is Why Republicans Fear Change
Taking ‘a Chronological Romp’ Through State Constitutions
Manhattan Hits a Virus Milestone: Median Rent Below $3,000
Artists in Isolation Make a New Window on the World
‘Now and Then’ at 25: Girlhood Finally Taken Seriously
Anywhere but Home: New Yorkers Get Creative About Work Spaces
Travel Goes Members-Only
Can Blood Manor’s Homicidal Clown Scare People in a Year Like 2020?
People Fear a Market Crash More Than They Have in Years
We’ve Heard Quite Enough From Donald Trump
How ‘Shuggie Bain’ Became This Year’s Breakout Debut
Derrick Henry and the Art of the Stiff Arm
Sarah Bahbah Turns Her Lens on the Millennial Condition
Susan Collins Hasn’t Changed Much, but Maine Has
What Will New York Real Estate Look Like Next Year?
Six Takeaways From the Final Presidential Debate
A ‘Final Fantasy’ Alliance Gets Real
It’s a Ballot Fight for Survival for Gig Companies Like Uber
Horror Masks Are Never Just About the Monster
Biden and Trump’s Final Debate: Who Won?
Letters to the Editor
Finally, Out of the ‘Friend Bucket’
Met at Dunkin’, Married at Dunkin’
Proceed to Baggage Claim for Your Luggage (and Future Husband)
She Was in Labor. Floodwaters Were Rising. Then the Boat Tipped Over.
For Italy’s masked rap diva, an era of face coverings poses a dilemma.
Early Voting in N.Y.C.: When It Starts, and What to Expect
In Xi’s Homage to Korean War, a Jab at the U.S.
How the Internet Viewed the Presidential Debate
Sudden Civility: The Final Presidential Debate
4 Key Biden Moments at the Final Debate
4 Key Trump Moments at the Final Debate
The Final Debate
Here’s a look at Vermont’s approach to the virus.
Libya Cease-Fire Raises Hopes for Full Peace Deal
‘Bad Hair’ | Anatomy of a Scene
Watch Kelly Rowland Play an ’80s Pop Star in ‘Bad Hair’
Debate Night: The ‘On Politics’ Breakdown
Why Does Trump Win With White Men?
Goldman Makes Its Bankers Pay
Part Teacher, Part Den Mother, a Composer Fosters Diversity
Florida, where Trump is campaigning, has the third highest tally of coronavirus cases in the nation.
Moderation Returns to Politics. Or at Least to the Debate.
He Could Go All the Way! (Oops, We Forgot It Was the Giants)
Combating Pandemic Fatigue
Edward Snowden, in Russia Since 2013, Is Granted Permanent Residency
We fact-checked 46 statements the candidates made during the debate.
Talking to the Voters Who Could Decide the 2020 Election
Why 2020 Is Different for Student Loan Payments
Can I Actually Be Missing the Commute?
For Owners Looking to Sell, an Option That Keeps Their Company Intact
A Hamptons Aesthetic With Rustic Modern Décor
A Hamptons House for the Private and the Social
Sacha Baron Cohen Duped Them. Here’s What They Did Next.
Outcry in Philippines Over General’s ‘Warning’ to Female Celebrities
Labor Department Curbs Announcements of Company Violations
Here’s Johnny Carson’s Personal Papers, and How You Can See Them
How to Take Control of Your Coronavirus Budget
Doping Tests Are Returning, but It Might Be Too Late
The instant polls suggest that Biden won the debate.
What to Cook This Weekend
A Debate Pledge to ‘Transition’ From Oil Puts Climate at Center of Campaign Finale
How Bolivia Overcame a Crisis and Held a Clean Election
Why Trump Is Calling New York a Lawless ‘Ghost Town’
The Talk of Montauk
The Price for Not Wearing Masks: Perhaps 130,000 Lives
5 Strange Facts About Quokkas
Review: In a Cemetery, Music Lives
A Trump Victory May Push His Defense Secretary Out an Open Door
Wild Days, New Faces and a Ticking Clock
Behind the Cover: Palantir
Biden vs. Trump: ‘Who Won? The Moderator’
Laptop? Big Man? Much of Trump’s debate required a Fox News translator.
5 Tips for Reducing Screen Time
Susan Collins hasn’t changed much, but Maine has.
The ‘Borat’ Sequel’s 3 Wildest Scenes: Here’s What Happens
Real-Life Political Violence Fuels Fiction in ‘The Abstainer’
Literary Inspiration for a Sad Covid Halloween at Home
Why Washington Hates Big Tech
This Dessert Goes Out to the Crust Lovers
Tom Maschler, Bold British Publisher and Booker Prize Founder, Dies at 87
Since the defense secretary opposed quelling civil unrest with troops, his days with Trump have been numbered.
One-Pot Deluxe
Ariana Grande Is in Love, and 11 More New Songs
A Francophile’s Unexpected Love Affair With Canadian Wine
Trump and Biden Finally Talk Schools
Colorado Wildfire Threatens Mountain Towns
This is why Trump won’t stop criticizing New York City.
Why Are TikTok Teens Listening to an Album About Dementia?
Democrat Trails Narrowly in Key Montana Senate Race
The Weekender
Trump continues to take swipes at pandemic-stricken New York.
Trump Family Ally Is Arrested on Cyberstalking Charge
‘We Need the Curfew to Avoid The Worst’: Milan Imposes Curfew
Seven Dance Stars Take On a Daring ‘Rite of Spring’
Pushed From the Clock Tower, Buried in the Yard
In Colorado, It Feels Like a Fire Season Without End
‘A.O.C. plus three’ (plus many more) respond after Trump’s debate stage attack.
John Wilson Reveals the Absurd Poetry of New York
A More Restrained Trump-Biden Debate
Libya’s Cease-Fire Agreement is ‘Fundamental’ to Ending Conflict, Says U.N.
New in Paperback: ‘Me,’ ‘Border Wars’ and ‘Imaginary Friend’
Love Letter: Want to Find Love? Stop Dating
You’ll Definitely Want to Keep This Savory Sauce on Hand
Reimagining Lady Liberty’s Torch to Meet This Moment
As Governor Resists Mask Mandate, Iowans Sour on the G.O.P.
Trump Announces Sudan Will Move to Normalize Relations With Israel
At 63 Million Viewers, Final Debate Is Trump’s Least Watched
U.S. Sets Coronavirus Case Record Amid New Surge
City Ballet Won’t Return to the Stage Until September
To Recognize Misinformation in Media, Teach a Generation While It’s Young
To Learn the Truth, Read My Wikipedia Entry on Sichuan Peppers
Fox News Is Covering Hunter Biden Claims More Than 2016 WikiLeaks Emails
Oil Industry Expresses Concern, Not Alarm, About Biden Comments
5 Policy Issues Where Trump and Biden Diverged at Final Debate
Inside the Refugee Camp on America’s Doorstep
Europe Moves to Protect Nature, but Faces Criticism Over Subsidizing Farms
The New World of Work
Who Watched the Debates on Television, Minute By Minute
Comfort Viewing: Why I Love ‘Being Erica’
Read the document
The Trump Administration Shut a Vaccine Safety Office Last Year. What’s the Plan Now?
Ideas for Lifting Your Mood This Weekend
Russians Who Pose Election Threat Have Hacked Nuclear Plants and Power Grid
What Edward R. Murrow and Fred Friendly Would Say
Fix, or Toss? The ‘Right to Repair’ Movement Gains Ground
Chills, Thrills and Challenging Films: Here Are 10 to Stream
Covering Political Hacks and Leaks Ahead of the Election
Footprints Mark a Toddler’s Perilous Prehistoric Journey
End Minority Rule
This Song Is Dedicated to the Last Undecided Voter
Harrison Johnson, Pastor at Funeral in Mass Shooting, Dies at 65
Guitar Center is preparing for a possible bankruptcy filing.
Democrats Try to Shut Down Senate, Seeking to Stain Barrett Confirmation
David Leonhardt Returns for a Debate Debate
There’s No Spraying in Baseball This Year. Until the World Series.
Don’t Work on Your Party Laptop or Party on Your Work Laptop
Paid Time Off, Free Fries: How Corporate America Is Getting Out the Vote
Use Papier-mâché to Craft a Halloween Mask
What Went Viral This Week
U.S. Issues Sanctions on Russian Center Involved in Potentially Deadly Cyberattacks
Trump’s Philanthropy: Big Tax Write-Offs and Claims That Don’t Always Add Up
Man Who Supplied Rifles in San Bernardino Attack Is Sentenced to 20 Years
The Big Ten’s Rocky Road Back to Football
Black Players Continued a Mentoring Tradition Amid a Pandemic
Coronavirus Surge, 2020 Election, Borat: Your Friday Evening Briefing
A Missed Moment for Trump? Second Debate Suggests What Might Have Been
Fyre Festival Promoter Has a Podcast, and a Spot in Solitary Confinement
Two Companies Restart Virus Trials in U.S. After Safety Pauses
Voting in the Covid-19 Pandemic: Wear a Mask and Bring Your Own Pen
Charles Giambelluca, Dedicated Youth Baseball Coach, Dies at 77
The Shrinking of the American Mind
Trump’s Economy Was Never So Great
We’re Living in a World of Walls. Here Is a Window to Escape.
As Time Runs Short, Optimism Fades for a Pre-Election Stimulus Deal
Day After Debate, Biden and Trump Amplify Attacks, Seeking an Edge
Trump Tried to Blur Responsibility for His Family Separation Policy in Final Debate
NASA Mission Springs a Small Leak After Touching an Asteroid
A resurgent virus attacks the heartland, just before the election.
Trump’s Claims About Hunter Biden Send Online Activity Soaring
Murder Hornet Nest, First in U.S., Is Removed in Washington State
Antonio Brown Plans to Visit Buccaneers as His Suspension Nears Its End
Navy Plane Crashes in Alabama, Killing Crew of 2
‘Ooh … Impressive!’
Corrections: Oct. 24, 2020
Quotation of the Day: Trading Fear at Home for Misery on America’s Doorstep
World Series: Dodgers Top the Rays in Game 3 With a Stellar Pitching Performance
Bangkok Is Engulfed by Protests. What’s Driving Them?
She Used to Clean City Hall. Now, She Runs It.
If A.O.C. Is So Heavily Favored, Why Has Her Race Drawn $30 Million?
These Americans Tried to Listen to One Another. A Year Later, Here’s How They’re Voting.
What the Tumultuous Year 1968 Can Teach Us About Today
Trump’s Rallies, Red-State Democrats: This Week in the 2020 Race
How the Designer of Milly Broke Free
Everyone Is Gay on TikTok
UnitedHealth Ships Flu Kits to Medicare Recipients
Trump’s Biggest Economic Legacy Isn’t About the Numbers
Relieved to Be Back at the Gym, but Is It Safe?
Once Meccas of Retail Therapy, Now Homes to Elder Americans
New Airport, Beleaguered Symbol of ‘Irreverent’ Berlin, Is Opening at Long Last
While Her Father Rails Against ‘Idiot’ Scientists, Ivanka Trump Talks Ice Cream
The White Issue: Has Anna Wintour’s Diversity Push Come Too Late?
Far-Right Groups Are Behind Most U.S. Terrorist Attacks, Report Finds
Forging Through ‘the Chaos of Life’ Together
President Andrzej Duda of Poland Tests Positive for Coronavirus
Wealthy Millennial Women Tend to Defer to Husbands on Investing
Slamming Trump’s coronavirus response, Biden asks: ‘If this is a success, what’s a failure look like?’
Indigenous Colombians, Facing New Wave of Brutality, Demand Government Action
How to Pressure Your Landlord to Keep Your Building Safe
New York City billboards featuring Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner draw a threatening letter.
Deadly Explosion Hits Kabul Tutoring Center
As China Clamps Down, Activists Flee Hong Kong for Refuge in the West
The Perfect Chocolate Chip Cookies
‘I voted for a guy named Trump,’ the president said after voting in person in Florida.
King Kong Trump, Losing His Grip
Preserving Food, Preserving Myself
Arrest Leads to Tragedy in the Rio Grande Valley
How The Epoch Times Created a Giant Influence Machine
Amy Coney Barrett’s Rise Is a Threat to Families Like Mine
Will Cuba Tip Florida to Trump?
How to Steal an Election
Joe Biden Had Close Ties With Police Leaders. Will They Help Him Now?
Illinois Police Officer Fired After Fatally Shooting Black Man
Lines Stretch for Blocks as New Yorkers Turn Out for Early Voting
New Visa Limits Would Be a Self-Inflicted Wound for the U.S.
Biden, an Amtrak Evangelist, Could Be a Lifeline for a Rail Agency in Crisis
In South Korea, Draft Resisters Still Go to Prison. But Now It’s a Job.
How a Journeyman Infielder Taught Dave Roberts to Slow the Game Down
Austin Barnes Give the Dodgers an Unlikely Lift at the Plate
Variety: Acrostic
Wrangling Over Herd Immunity and Masks as Covid Cases Keep Rising
Huge turnout in New York on first day of early voting.
Turning 100, a Former Spanish Soldier Laments the Curse of His Birth Year
Israel Sees Warming Ties With Sudan as Symbolic Progress in Hostile Region
The Last Temptation of NeverTrump
R.I.P., G.O.P.
White House Releases New Plan for Seismic Tests in Arctic Refuge
Murder Hornet Nest Destroyed in Washington State
At Dueling Rallies, Campaigns Present Starkly Different Visions on Virus
Jerry Jeff Walker, Who Wrote and Sang ‘Mr. Bojangles,’ Dies at 78
Edith O’Hara, a Fixture of Off Off Broadway, Dies at 103
A Photographer’s American Road Trip
Venezuela Opposition Figure, Long Confined, Flees to Spain
Early Virus Scares Kept the M.L.B. Season on Track
Murkowski, in a Turnabout, Says She Will Vote to Confirm Barrett
At the Halloween Play …
A Beautiful Day for a List: How We Chose 50 Examples of PBS’s Impact
As Lawlessness Roils Nigeria, Police Chief Vows to Take Back Streets
Lee Kun-hee, Who Built Samsung Into a Global Giant, Dies at 78
Trump, in Wisconsin, says the virus is ‘rounding the turn’ while cases climb.
Members of Pence’s Inner Circle Test Positive for Coronavirus
Corrections: Oct. 25, 2020
Attend a Black-Tie Gala From Your Living Room
Pence’s chief of staff and several other aides test positive for the virus.
Grow a Hydroponic Garden
4 Current Affairs Podcasts for Curious Children
Hail the Supermoon and Howl at a Canine Costume Contest
Rays Stun the Dodgers With a Chaotic Walk-Off Win in Game 4
Sports Came Back in 2020. Now Comes the Hard Part.
Quotation of the Day: Improbably, Sports Made It Back in 2020. Now, the Hard Part
‘S.N.L.’ Spoofs the Final Debate and Adele Sings (a Little)
‘Wednesdays Are the Days He Drives Into Manhattan From Brooklyn’
Apple, Google and a Deal That Controls the Internet
Jack Reacher Works Alone. That Doesn’t Mean His Author Has To.
What’s Going On in This Picture? | Oct. 26, 2020
Homes That Sold for Around $1.5 Million
Conservative News Sites Fuel Voter Fraud Misinformation
Democrats Hope 2020 Is the Year They Flip the Texas House
Why Trump Can’t Take Red Counties in North Carolina for Granted
Why False Positives Merit Concern, Too
With Vacation Rentals Empty, European Cities See a Chance to Reclaim Housing
In Miami-Dade County, Younger Cuban Voters Offer Opening for Trump
The Essential Agatha Christie
2020 Election, Coronavirus Surge, Fall Cocktails: Your Weekend Briefing
The Week in Business: A Headache for Big Tech
Pope Francis Appoints First African-American Cardinal
N.F.L. Punishes Titans for Their Handling of Coronavirus Outbreak
The Sunday Read: ‘My Mustache, My Self’
Brett Phillips Becomes the Rays’ Latest Unlikely Hero
In coronavirus testing, false positives are more hazardous than they might seem.
After making a comeback during the pandemic, pro sports face a tough second act.
Border Patrol Agents Fatally Shoot Driver in Texas
What to Cook This Week
The Ballet Photo-Sharing Scandal Enters a New Phase in Court
We Were Clerks at the Supreme Court. Its Legitimacy Is Now in Question.
The TV Window to Other Worlds
Using Humor as a Political Weapon Against Trump
How Matthew Warchus Generated ‘Heat’ in an Empty Theater
2 New Books Answer Kids’ Pre-Election Questions
‘An End to the Chapter of Dictatorship’: Chileans Vote to Draft a New Constitution
These Sisters Have Transformed the Piano Duo
Dunkin’ Brands Is in Talks to Sell Itself and Go Private
Over Democratic Fury, Republicans Push Barrett to Brink of Confirmation
Tropical Storm Zeta Strengthens as It Approaches Gulf Coast
Biden Pledges Ambitious Climate Action. Here’s What He Could Actually Do.
How to Talk to Friends and Family Who Share Conspiracy Theories
Sashimi With Spaghetti? Yes, Please. And a Slice of Mango on Top.
Your Monday Briefing
New Spirits Rise in Old, Repurposed Churches
Times Square Billboards With Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner Stir Skirmish
Treaty to Prohibit Nuclear Weapons Passes Important Threshold
In hot spots around the country, hospitals are reaching their limits.
Schools Clamored for Seesaw’s App. That Was Good News, and Bad News.
How Homegrown Disinformation Could Disrupt This U.S. Election
Russia Created an Election Disinformation Playbook. Here’s How Americans Evolved It.
‘JQA’ Review: Fictional History That Resonates Today
With a little more than a week until Election Day, Trump and Biden make closing pitches on ‘60 Minutes.’
Kodak Loan Debacle Puts a New Agency in the Hot Seat
N.Y.C. billboards pair Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner with damning quotes and statistics.
20-Year-Old Tourist Killed by Stray Bullet in Brooklyn
A Voting Rights Battle in a School Board ‘Coup’
Murder Hornet
Titans’ Missed Kick Keeps Steelers Unbeaten
Trump Had One Last Story to Sell. The Wall Street Journal Wouldn’t Buy It.
The Rise of Wilton Gregory, the First African-American Cardinal
The Election May Hinge on Pennsylvania. Can the Polls Get the State Right?
To Reduce Racial Inequality, Raise the Minimum Wage
What We Learned From Week 7 of the N.F.L. Season
‘School for Wives’ Review: The Enchantment Is Visual
The Two Americas Financing the Trump and Biden Campaigns
Questions and Answers About the Bidens and a Deal in China
Trump’s Army of Angry White Men
‘Dear Evan Hansen’ and ‘Leopoldstadt’ Pick Up Olivier Awards
Game Day in Green Bay: Empty Sports Bars, Full Hospitals
Infection of Pence Aides Raises New Questions About Trump’s Virus Response
Fights Erupt During ‘Jews for Trump’ Rally in Manhattan
The Fox News president and several anchors were advised to quarantine after possible virus exposure.
No Corrections: Oct. 26, 2020
Quotation of the Day: New Spirits Rise in Old, Repurposed Churches
Spain, Covid-19, Airbnb: Your Monday Briefing
‘Fargo’ Season 4, Episode 6 Recap: Blood for Blood
Tractor Flips During Hayride in Illinois, Killing One and Injuring 17
Clayton Kershaw Steadies Dodgers and Puts a World Series Within Reach
Women on Qatar Airways Flight Are Strip-Searched, Sparking Outrage in Australia
What’s on TV This Week: ‘This Is Us’ and ‘The Haunting’
In Boston, someone set fire to a ballot drop box. Officials called it a ‘disgrace to democracy.’
After breakneck process, Amy Coney Barrett is set to be confirmed to the Supreme Court.
With a little more than a week until Election Day, Trump and Biden make their closing pitches on ‘60 Minutes.’
Word + Quiz: pneumatic
The Erasure of Mesut Özil
Inside Decades of Nepotism and Bungling at the N.Y.C. Elections Board
A Teacher, His Killer and the Failure of French Integration
As a Coach and a Cop in Minneapolis, Where Would He Draw the Line?
China Aims to End Extreme Poverty, but Covid-19 Exposes Gaps
Lesson of the Day: ‘How to Deal With a Crisis of Misinformation’
With a little more than a week until Election Day, Trump and Biden make their closing pitches on ‘60 Minutes.’
A surge in hospitalizations is straining some U.S. health care facilities.
Infection of Pence aides raises new questions about the administration’s response to the virus.
What Do We Do About Q?
The Music Biographer Peter Guralnick’s New Book Covers Many Subjects — Including Himself
Who Inspired the Trump Campaign Playbook?
Hillary Clinton Says It’s Different This Time
Should Media Literacy Be a Required Course in School?
What Do We Do About Q?
Do You Have the Heart for Marijuana?
Respecting Children’s Pain
It Might Become the Scariest Part of Your Commute: The Elevator
Democrats in Many Races Are Moderates. Republicans Cast Them as Radicals.
I Have Covid-19 Antibodies. Finally I Know How to Help.
Sex Cult Leader, Facing Life Sentence, Regrets Nothing
Is It Safe to Ask Whether Trump’s Days Are Numbered?
Missing From Supreme Court’s Election Cases: Reasons for Its Rulings
How the Trump Era Has Strained, and Strengthened, Politically Mixed Marriages
Black Senate Candidates in the South Tell Democrats to ‘Meet the Moment’
First Coronavirus Hit, Then They Got Bedbugs
Are ‘Kidfluencers’ Making Our Kids Fat?
How the Virus Slowed the Booming Wind Energy Business
If the Shoe Floats
Colleges Slash Budgets in the Pandemic, With ‘Nothing Off-Limits’
In Madagascar, Endangered Lemurs Find a Private Refuge
For Best Results, Eat This Roti Immediately
Witnessing Peru’s Enduring, if Altered, Snow Star Festival
Can Fashion Photography Survive the Pandemic?
Colleges slash budgets during the pandemic.
He’s a GOP Insider and Trump’s Friend. He Says Vote Your Conscience.
20,000 Ballots an Hour, With Paper and Ink by the Ton
China’s Chance to Save Antarctic Sea Life
They Did Not Vote in 2016. Why They Plan to Skip the Election Again.
A Crush of Early Voters Makes for Long Waits in N.Y.C.
Japan’s New Leader Sets Ambitious Goal of Carbon Neutrality by 2050
How Much Do You Know About Suriname?
Exports of Used Cars Are a Pollution Problem, U.N. Warns
The Field: Why Suburban Women Changed Their Minds
Game day in Green Bay: Empty sports bars, full hospitals.
The Trump Economy
A New Covid Outbreak at the White House
Why Dunkin’ Is Worth Nearly $9 Billion
A Bid to Steal Home Offers a Taste of the 20th Century
Ant Group Set to Raise $34 Billion in World’s Biggest I.P.O.
Trump will hold three Pennsylvania rallies today, Pence goes to Minnesota, no Biden events.
What Went Wrong for the Patriots? Everything
Europe’s virus numbers look like they did in the spring: high and getting higher.
All About Ant Group, the Next Big Tech I.P.O.
What Alex Padilla Wants California Voters to Know
Dunkin’ Brands has done well in the pandemic. Now it’s a $9 billion takeover target.
What You Get for $2.6 Million in California
$2.6 Million Homes in California
Share Your Story of Keeping America Fed
‘Song Exploder’ Reveals the Eureka Moments Behind the Hits
Arts Bailout in U.K. Buys Time, but No Peace of Mind
Kazakhstan, Reversing Itself, Embraces ‘Borat’ as Very Nice
‘Jews for Trump’ Holds Rally in New York
Trump plans to swear Barrett in at the White House later tonight, officials say.
Trick-or-Treating This Year? Here’s How
Ant Challenged Beijing and Prospered. Now It Toes the Line.
It’s Braising Season!
Russian Airstrikes Kill Dozens of Turkish-Backed Rebels in Syria
British Commandos Storm Tanker, Ending Standoff in English Channel
Taylor Swift Returns to No. 1 as ‘Folklore’ Sales Pass 1 Million
New Yorkers Face Long Lines as Early Voting Opens
There’s Water and Ice on the Moon, and in More Places Than NASA Thought
Lorraine Bracco Goes Searching For Her Sicilian Slice of Life
Colleges Are Slashing Budgets
Head of Virginia Military Institute Resigns Amid Review of Racism on Campus
Driverless Cars Go Humble to Get Real
Only 26% of N.Y.C. Students Attend In-Person Classes, Far From Goal
Jona Frank: Between Reality and Fantasy
Virginia Mollenkott, 88, Dies; Feminist Found Liberation in the Bible
Trump’s Weakened Hold on Long Island Puts 2 G.O.P. House Seats at Risk
Swing-District Democrats, Defying Predictions, Poised to Help Keep House
In Fiction, Martin Amis Summons His Literary Friends and Role Models
With Weakness Among Hispanic Voters, Biden Trails in Texas
Apollo Clients Await Inquiry’s Findings on Chief and Jeffrey Epstein
After Honing His Painting Skills as a Soldier, an Artist Finds His Voice
A Malaria Mystery, Partly Solved: What Happens When the Rains End?
Should You FedEx Your Ballot? No
Gaza Court Convicts Peace Activists for Video Call With Israelis
De Blasio Says In-Person Class Attendance Is a ‘Work in Progress’
East Germany’s Love Affair With Angela Davis
Forget Halloween. Children Are Frightening Year-Round.
Taking a Page From White House, Boris Johnson Bets on Live Press Briefings
Even Cowboys Get the Blues
In the Pandemic, a Shifting Ballot Debate on Legalizing Drugs
How Long Can N.Y.C. Museums Survive at 25 Percent Capacity?
Students and Teachers, Tell Us About Your Experience With the Civil Conversation Challenge
A Timeline of the Nxivm Sex Cult Case
Chill Vibes, Minus the Wind Chimes: It’s a New Day for New Age Music
In Defense of Ayn Rand
Senators Debate Amy Coney Barrett Confirmation Ahead of Vote
Thousands Forced to Evacuate From California Fires
‘It Can’t Happen Here’ Review: A Not-So-Subtle Slide Into Autocracy
How to Prepare Babies and Kids for the End of Daylight Saving Time
Your Tuesday Briefing
New Parents, You Won’t Regret Keeping a Journal
Trump’s Manufacturing Promises Disappoint as Economy Sours
World Rugby Bars Transgender Women, Baffling Players
Twitter to Highlight Accurate Voting Information
Some Advice About Ghosts and Ghosting, From a Paranormal Investigator
Making the Songs Pop in ‘Bad Hair’
Map: Tracking Hurricane Zeta
Trump Tells Supporters to Stop Harris from Becoming the ‘First Woman President’
New Jersey Governor Addresses Newark’s Coronavirus Mandates
Justice Clarence Thomas will give the oath to Judge Amy Coney Barrett, a White House official said.
Jeannette Williams-Parker, Nurse in a Virus Hot Spot, Dies at 48
Covid in America: ‘A Tale of Two Worlds’
Belarus Opposition Calls General Strike, as Protesters Gird for Long Fight
Georgia, Once Reliably Red, Is Suddenly a Battleground. What Happened?
Eight Small New York Theaters Sue Cuomo Over Pandemic Restrictions
‘We Don’t Have to Put Up With This’: A Candid Conversation About Bodies
Why N.Y.C.’s Economic Recovery May Lag the Rest of the Country’s
Nurses Are at High Risk for Covid Among Health Workers, C.D.C. Says
Rallies Are the Core of Trump’s Campaign, and a Font of Lies and Misinformation
5 Lessons on Voter Misinformation From Kentucky’s Election in 2019
Supreme Court, Election 2020, U.S. Virus Surge: Your Monday Evening Briefing
Finding Strength in Sofrito in Puerto Rico
Susan Hendl, Ballet Master and Dancer, Dies at 73
Barack Obama and LeBron James are joining forces in a late push to increase Black voter turnout.
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Guess What? More Time Makes a Fashion Show Much Better
Zeta Is Downgraded on the Way to the Gulf Coast
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Why You’re Never Too Old to Fight for Racial Justice
The Strand Calls for Help, and Book Lovers Answer
Biden, in Sign of Confidence, Will Visit Iowa in Race’s Final Days
What Is Self Care Now, Anyway?
In a Must-Win Game 6, Rays Plan to Turn Up the Aggressiveness
U.S. Imposes Sanctions on Iran’s Oil Sector
5 Lessons on Voter Misinformation From Kentucky’s Election in 2019
With Title in Sight, the Dodgers Are Armed and Ready to Get Creative
Trump Tells Coronavirus, ‘I Surrender’
Wall St. Alarm at Surge of Virus Sends Stocks and Oil Lower
Kushner, Employing Racist Stereotype, Questions if Black Americans ‘Want to Be Successful’
Joe Biden, Generic Democrat
Ming Cho Lee, Fabled Set Designer, Is Dead at 90
Senate Confirms Barrett, Delivering for Trump and Reshaping the Court
Anti-Semitism and What Feeds It
The Republican Party’s Supreme Court
An Around the World Kind of Rum
Culinary Historians Turn to Zoom
A West Coast Kouign-Amann
This Chile Crisp Has a Momofuku Pedigree
For a Cheese Lover, Two New Books
Supreme Court Won’t Extend Wisconsin’s Deadline for Mailed Ballots
Chaotic Way to Run
Quotation of the Day: In Reversal, Kazakhstan Now Embraces ‘Borat’
Corrections: Oct. 27, 2020
Your Tuesday Briefing
In Swearing In Barrett, Trump Defiantly Mimics ‘Superspreader’ Rose Garden Ceremony
The Lesson From Bolivia for Latin American Politics
Another Double Amputee’s Fight for the Olympics Is Dealt a Major Setback
Barrett is swiftly sworn in, as Democrats fume.
Looking for clarity on the race? Watch where Trump and Biden travel.
The Supreme Court’s ruling to limit ballot-counting in Wisconsin comes as voting battles escalate.
Word + Quiz: redolent
Transforming Pandemic Grief Into Art
Voters in Battleground States Are Driving Record Early Turnout
Sites of Solitude
This Addiction Treatment Works. Why Is It So Underused?
How Trump and Bolsonaro Broke Latin America’s Covid-19 Defenses
Protests in Philadelphia After Police Fatally Shoot Black Man
Stephen Colbert: Mike Pence Is ‘America’s Spare Tire’
Trump and Bolsonaro weakened Latin America’s health defenses at critical moments.
Lesson of the Day: ‘Parents of 545 Children Separated at the Border Cannot Be Found’
Eli Lilly said its antibody treatment does not work on patients hospitalized with Covid-19.
A nurse in a virus hot spot dies at 48.
The White House holds another ceremony for Barrett, this time with more masks.
Blast at Pakistani Religious School Kills at Least 8
The State That Could Decide How Far Republicans Will Go to Win
When a Kidnapping Ring Targeted New York’s Black Children
It’s Time to Pack the Supreme Court. Again.
I Love the Court. But We Need Another One.
Democrats, You Should Threaten to Pack the Court
How to Fix the Supreme Court
One Term, 18 Years. That's How the Supreme Court Should Work.
Don’t Let the Supreme Court Have This Power
Mitch McConnell Isn't Just Stacking the Supreme Court
Think Politics Can't Get Any Worse? Think Again
What Are You Doing to Combat Pandemic Fatigue?
The Supreme Court Is Picking a Fight It Is Destined to Lose
When Will the Children Visit? Not Until There’s a Vaccine
My Adult Son Moved In. It’s a Nightmare. Can I Kick Him Out?
Joe Biden Wishes He Had More Time to Answer Your Question
Win or Lose, It’s Donald Trump’s Republican Party
The ‘Purge’ Films Reveal the Ugly Truth About America
New & Noteworthy, From Joe Biden to a Rock Novel in Verse
Jess Walter’s New Novel Revisits a Turbulent Era Much Like Our Own
When It Comes to Aging Parents, Information and Solidarity Are Key
In Bryan Washington’s ‘Memorial,’ a Young Gay Couple Is Divided by Race, Class and Culture
How Long Will Vote Counting Take? Estimates and Deadlines in All 50 States
What Happened to Those Couples Who Quarantined Together?
Doctors Are Dreading the Winter
The Healing Power of Singing
Bloomberg Funds Last-Minute Advertising Blitz for Biden in Texas and Ohio
This Memoirist Got By With a Little Help From Strangers
Giving Recipe Creators Their Due
Early Voting in New York: 5 Takeaways
The Media’s Hunter Biden Conundrum
Fighting an Uphill Senate Re-election Battle, Doug Jones Does It His Way
Cardi B’s ‘WAP’ Proves Music’s Dirty Secret: Censorship Is Good Business
Want to Be the Next Big Thing in Fashion? Nah
‘Fat and Happy’ With a Conservative Court, Are Republicans Losing a Winning Issue?
How to Travel Abroad to Work From Home
Recession’s Silver Lining: American Households Are Doing Better Than Expected
Airbnb Fights Its ‘Party House Problem’
Sheldon and Margery Harnick, An Upper West Side Tradition
Sheldon Harnick: Working From Home for 55 Years
Classrooms Without Walls, and Hopefully Covid
Bloomberg is financing an advertising blitz for Biden in Texas and Ohio.
Reopening of N.Y.C. Classrooms Faces a Major Test
The Shadow of the 2000 Election
Hong Kong will relax rules on beaches, bars and restaurants.
‘Fat and happy’ with a conservative court, are Republicans losing a winning issue?
AMD Agrees to Buy Xilinx for $35 Billion in Stock
The New Supreme Court
Hong Kong Police Arrest Activist Said to Seek U.S. Asylum
Overhauls of drug laws are on the ballot in several states that once resisted them.
Fungie, Ireland’s Missing Dolphin, ‘Goes With the Tide’
Barrett Is Seated at a Pivotal Moment
How an Afghan Political Crisis Derailed Payments to War Victims
In New York, Roommates Make a Comeback
A Mighty Ant
Weekly News Quiz for Students: Google Lawsuit, Supreme Court, Found Painting 
As coronavirus cases and hospitalizations rise in Michigan, Trump plans a rally there.
How Poland’s New Abortion Law Became a Flash Point
Protesters in Italy and Spain clash with police as they call for ‘freedom’ from virus restrictions.
Salt Lake City to Lose Its Two Daily Print Newspapers
Recent Commercial Real Estate Transactions
A Divided Nation Agrees on One Thing: Many People Want a Gun
In a Battered New York Office Market, Life Science Is Flourishing
Keith Raniere, Leader of Nxivm Sex Cult, Is Sentenced to 120 Years in Prison
Protesters and Police Clash in Philadelphia
Russian Biathlete Loses His Medals, His Country’s Latest Defeat
Doug Jones, the Senate’s most vulnerable Democratic incumbent, fights for survival his way.
Justice Dept. Blocked in Bid to Shield Trump From Rape Defamation Suit
After Barrett’s confirmation, Biden urges Americans to vote to honor Ginsburg.
Burgess Owens, a Republican House candidate in Utah, accepted at least $135,000 in illegal donations.
A Chance to Expand Medicaid Rallies Democrats in Crucial North Carolina
Phillipa Soo’s Week: Fund-Raising Videos and ‘Agents of Chaos’
Pearl River Mart Opens a Food Market
Why the Best G.D.P. Report Ever Won’t Mean the Economy Has Healed
Watch What Happens When Real Housewives Don’t Wear Masks
Trump’s Second-Term Agenda? Slogans Over Details
Obama’s New Gig: Gleefully Needling Trump
The economic recovery in New York City could be slower than in the rest of the U.S.
Our 8th Annual 15-Second Vocabulary Video Challenge
Read the Opinion in the E. Jean Carroll Defamation Lawsuit
Black Art and Poetry Elevate a Tribute to Civil Rights Leaders
Colon Cancer Screening Should Start Earlier, at Age 45, U.S. Panel Says
90,000 Told to Flee as California Fires Nearly Double in Size
The elevator ride, once a footnote to the commute, takes center stage.
Whitmer blames Trump’s divisive rhetoric for the plot to kidnap her.
Firefighters Injured, Thousands Forced to Evacuate From California Fires
Biden shows continued strength in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin polls.
New Orleans, No Stranger to Storms, Braces for Hurricane Zeta
A former pro wrestling star touts Biden’s ‘toughness’ in a new ad.
‘City So Real’ Makes Chicago the Lead in a National Drama
Hurricane Zeta Hits Mexico With Heavy Rain
Protests Erupt in Italy Over New Virus Lockdown Restrictions
Astor Place Cut Hair for Warhol and De Niro, but Won’t Survive the Pandemic
Al Qaeda Feels Losses in Syria and Afghanistan but Stays Resilient
Sharks Wash Up on Beaches, Stabbed by Swordfish
Capturing the Heat and Crunch of Indonesian Cooking
Carlos Acosta’s Vision: Some ‘Nutcracker,’ Some Led Zeppelin
Earth Couldn’t Contain Sun Ra’s Ideas. His Arkestra Is Still Exploring Them.
In search of 326,695 unreturned ballots, Democrats plan an all-out scavenger hunt in Wisconsin.
A Korean Chef With a Globetrotting Palate
George Floyd Billboard Goes Up in Times Square
Aiming for Perfect Asian Tapas, Even in a Pandemic
An Expedition Deep Into an Underworld of Online Hate
Daniel Menaker, Book Editor Who Wrote With Wit, Dies at 79
Visions of New Worlds, Both Hopeful and Nightmarish
Noah Centineo Wants You to Vote
Trump Wants to Pick Off Nevada. But Biden Is Holding a Lead, Our Poll Shows.
A Week Before the Election, Time Is Running Out to Vote by Mail
Biden holds a steady lead in Nevada, which Trump hopes to flip, Times/Siena poll shows.
Quarantine Soundscapes
Don’t Even Try Paying Cash in China
What Counts as Race Discrimination? A Suit Against JPMorgan Is a Test
How Amy Coney Barrett May Change the Court
Obama jabs that Trump is ‘jealous of Covid’s media coverage.’
A Princess, Long Denied by Belgium’s Former King, Meets With Her Father
Some Covid Survivors Have Antibodies That Attack the Body, not Virus
As Election Nears, Trump Makes a Final Push Against Climate Science
Review: Calvin Royal III and Dormeshia Glow at Fall for Dance
How New York’s Small Cinemas Are Hanging On
Roots of War: When Armenia Talked Tough, Azerbaijan Took Action
Le Crocodile in the Wythe Hotel Opens for Private Dining
‘Presidential Malpractice’ Over Covid-19
Why Leftists Should Vote for Biden in Droves
Pushing Deep Into G.O.P. Turf, Democrats Are Poised to Expand House Majority
Muslim Countries Denounce French Response to Killing of Teacher, Urge Boycott
What Happens When Sarah Cooper Speaks in Her Own Voice?
To combat the virus, some schools have moved classes outside.
Tiny Love Stories: ‘Do I Always Tilt My Head Like That?’
One Last Time, With Feeling: VOTE.
What Happened to Your American Dream?
Obama Campaigns for Biden, Slams Trumps Handling of Pandemic
Can We Trust Pennsylvania’s Polls?
Trump Appointee Rescinds Rule Shielding Government News Outlets From Federal Tampering
Turkey Sentences U.S. Consulate Employee to Over 5 Years in Jail
Your Wednesday Briefing
Are masks still required in Louisiana? Lawmakers say no. The governor says yes, and sues.
Sanders and Warren Accuse N.Y. Democrats of False Advertising
The Art of Holding On, Letting Go and Learning to Golf
Vintage Alfa Romeos to Be Auctioned at Sotheby’s
Pfizer C.E.O. All but Rules Out Vaccine Before Election Day
Most Americans have been wearing masks since spring, the C.D.C. says.
Shifting the Focus From Sylvia Plath’s Tragic Death to Her Brilliant Life
Britain’s Health Workers Face 2nd Virus Wave, but This Time With Less Support
Why You Shouldn’t Worry About Studies Showing Waning Coronavirus Antibodies
Sharon Hunt, Teacher for a Quarter-Century, Dies at 65
Robert Murray, Coal Baron With Clout, Dies at 80
Jon Stewart Returns to Spotlight With a Series for Apple TV+
Dodgers Win the World Series After Years of Frustration
California Tax Revolt Faces a Retreat, 40 Years Later
How Trump Maneuvered His Way Out of Trouble in Chicago
Supreme Court Galvanizes Push for Early Voting by Wisconsin Democrats
Trump Allies Amp Up Fight Over Tech’s Legal Shield Before Election
Crowd Chants ‘Lock Her Up’ After Trump Lashes Out at Whitmer
Barcelona President Quits on Eve of Vote to Oust Him
‘We believe in science.’ Washington, Oregon and Nevada join California’s vaccine-review plan.
Election Day, NOAA, World Series: Your Tuesday Evening Briefing
Dr. Joyce Wallace, Pioneering AIDS Physician, Dies at 79
Chrissy Teigen Publishes Essay About Pregnancy Loss
The Other Rookie Star of the World Series? Globe Life Field
Three Paths for Reforming the Supreme Court
The Year in Misinformation, So Far
Biden’s Plans for Latin America: End ‘Bully Dictating Policy’
The Year in Misinformation, So Far
U.S. reports more than 500,000 cases in a week, a record, as the Trump administration says it ended the pandemic.
Time Is Short, Mail Is Slow and Courts Keep Changing the Rules. What Should Voters Do?
The Anxious Person’s Guide to the 2020 Election
Biden, Invoking F.D.R., Tries to Siphon Off Trump Voters in Georgia
How Mitch McConnell Delivered Justice Amy Coney Barrett’s Rapid Confirmation
I Approve This Message. Now, Remember Your Secrecy Envelope.
Hospitals Are Reeling Under a 46 Percent Spike in Covid-19 Patients
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Justice Barrett Rises to Top of Increasingly Conservative Judiciary
Californians, Vote Yes on Prop 16
When My President Sang ‘Amazing Grace’
Trump Campaign Website Is Defaced by Hackers
Kavanaugh’s Opinion in Wisconsin Voting Case Raises Alarms Among Democrats
See Through?
Pregnant Woman Is Strangled as N.Y.C. Has 3 Domestic Violence Killings in Days
Quiz: Can You Tell a ‘Trump’ Fridge From a ‘Biden’ Fridge?
Facebook Removes Trump and Biden Ads, Saying They Could Mislead Voters
Quotation of the Day: In Divided Nation, Many More Rush to Arm Themselves
Corrections: Oct. 28, 2020
Coronavirus, Britain, Transgender Rugby: Your Wednesday Briefing
Thieves Steal 6 Million Medical Gloves From Florida Supplier
Qatar Expresses ‘Regrets’ but Defends Invasive Exams of Women on 10 Flights
‘The Craft: Legacy’ Review: More Dull Carbon Copy Than Cult Classic
Philadelphia Protests Continue After Fatal Shooting by Police
Dodgers’ Justin Turner Was Pulled From Game 6 After Positive Virus Test
Virginia Governor Can Remove Robert E. Lee Statue, but Not Yet, Judge Rules
When Faith and Politics Meet
The Trump campaign website is defaced by hackers.
75 million Americans have already voted.
Americans Abroad Wait to See if Ballots They Mailed Will Arrive
Biden warns against the ‘charlatans, the con men, the phony populists’ as he campaigns in Georgia.
Word + Quiz: kerfuffle
Trevor Noah: Replacing RBG With ACB Is Like Trading LeBron for Ben Carson
As Tanzania Votes, Many See Democracy Itself on the Ballot
‘Holidate’ Review: That Special Seasonal Someone
Long Distance Hugs
Kyler Murray Is Leading the Arizona Cardinals on a Joy Ride
Canada’s Game Struggles to Return. And to Still Look Like Hockey.
How Does Your State Make Electricity?
Since 2010, Trump’s lenders have forgiven $287 million in debt, much tied to a Chicago project.
Lesson of the Day: ‘Can Blood Manor’s Homicidal Clown Scare People in a Year Like 2020?’
Morale sags among British health workers, and other news from around the world.
A player was pulled from Tuesday’s World Series game after testing positive.
The Lockdown That Felt Like It Might Last Forever Has Finally Ended
How America Helped Defeat the Coronavirus*
Keith Raniere’s Sentencing: What to Know About the Nxivm Leader
Trump Couldn’t Play the Tough Guy This Time
Using the Law to Fight Epidemics, for Better and Worse
How to Build an Intentional Community
Looking Back on Baseball’s Silent Season
She Had a Headache for Months. Then She Could Barely See.
Arrested, Tortured, Imprisoned: The U.S. Contractors Abandoned in Kuwait
Cookbooks Help Me Escape These Days
Trump’s Presidency Smashed the ‘Decency Floor’
Kicked From the Curb in Alabama
How Do You Respond When People Ask, ‘Where Are You From?’
‘You’re Out of Your Mind if You Think I’m Ever Going Back to School’
How to Run a Race in a Time of Surging Coronavirus
How America Helped Defeat the Coronavirus*
Some Trump Supporters Might Be Relieved If He Loses
A Lullaby by Any Other Name Would Sound as Sweet
The Supreme Court Should Not Muck Around in State Election Laws
Yes, You Can Learn to Speak the Language of Plants
Ashley Graham Talks Breastfeeding, Postpartum Hair Loss and Her Best Beauty Hack
The Future According to Grimes
A Podcast Answers a Fast-Food Question That Nobody Is Asking
N.Y.C. Poll Workers: Young, Engaged and Tired of Their Apartments
The Murder Hornet Hunters of Paris
There Is Only One Existential Threat. Let’s Talk About It.
Virtual Volunteering Still Offers Benefits
To Do Politics or Not Do Politics? Tech Start-Ups Are Divided
Living in Noisy Neighborhoods May Raise Your Dementia Risk
How the Surging Virus Has Crashed Into Campaigning in Every Imaginable Way
The Election’s Big Twist: The Racial Gap Is Shrinking
How Far Might Trump Go?
These Wetlands Helped Stop Flooding From Sandy. Now a BJ’s May Move In.
China’s Stance on Homosexuality Has Changed. Its Textbooks Haven’t.
Welcome Home! Now Go Straight to Quarantine (or Not)
N.J.’s Largest City Shuts Down Again as Virus Cases Surge
In Georgia, Democrats Target the True Silent Majority: People Who Don’t Vote
Forget the Polls: This Chinese Indicator Is Flashing ‘Trump’
Donald Trump Made Them Furious, and Organized. Now Is the Big Test.
In 2020, the Suburbs Are Stressed
Living In ... Beacon, N.Y.
Beacon, N.Y.: An Arts Hub Turned Refuge for the Pandemic-Weary
Trump and the Boaty McBoatfacing of America
Trump made them furious, and organized. Now is the big test.
The Manager, the Ace and a Decision That Will Haunt the Rays
Staying Connected Across the Miles
A Partisan Future for Local News?
Democrats target the true silent majority in Georgia: people who don’t vote.
Americans voting from abroad worry their mail-in ballots won’t arrive on time.
The Hardest Fight to Have With Your Teen
The Fight Over Voting
Hurricane Zeta Lashes Louisiana Coast in a Storm Season to Remember
Facebook, Google and Twitter C.E.O.s return to Washington to defend their content moderation.
Republicans and Democrats have similar goals. They will make different arguments.
An Early-Voting Cascade
PayPal Invests in Racial Equality
Reclaiming, on Netflix, an Ancient Battle Beloved of Germany’s Far Right
Evidence of anti-conservative bias by platforms remains anecdotal.
Today: Trump and Harris head to Arizona, Pence to Wisconsin and Michigan, Biden speaks on the virus.
How Trump and Biden Differ on Health Care
California House Races to Watch
The N.B.A.’s $500 Million Hope for the Holidays
Big Tech’s chief executives are becoming regulars on Capitol Hill.
How Should Black People Sound?
What You Get for $750,000
$750,000 Homes in Ohio, New York and Arizona
Protests Continue in Philadelphia
New York City’s Board of Elections expands early voting hours.
Tech chiefs plan a vigorous defense of speech on their sites.
Watch Full Video: Tech C.E.O.s Testify Before the Senate
Gun Rooms Turned Bedrooms off the English Coast
House Hunting in England: A Refurbished Army Fortress in the English Channel
10 Classical Concerts to Stream in November
The San Francisco Symphony Plunges Into a New World
As Climate Disasters Pile Up, a Radical Proposal Gains Traction
Michelangelo Pistoletto Endures. Even Covid Couldn’t Stop Him.
He Helped Create Lollapalooza. Now He Wants to Save Live Music.
How Musk Oxen Make It Through Arctic Nights and Never-Ending Days
Your New Favorite Sauce
Mark Morris Dance Group Celebrates Its 40th Anniversary Online
‘I can never do enough’: I.C.U. workers record their anguish as the coronavirus surges.
Several people went to hospitals after a Trump rally in Omaha where hundreds were stranded in the cold.
As Supreme Court Weighs Election Cases, a New Life for Bush v. Gore
Social Security Seemed Like a Future Problem. The Virus Changed That.
The election’s big twist: the racial gap between Republicans and Democrats is shrinking.
The Issue That Might Sink the Brexit Trade Talks: Fishing
‘City Hall’ Review: Frederick Wiseman, for the People
A Cutting-Edge Tactic to Get Out the Vote in 2020: Handwritten Letters
New York’s School Reopening is Not Proceeding as Planned
Protest Erupts in Poland After New Abortion Ban
One Thing You Can Do: Vote
Prepping Your Pet for a Walk Down the Aisle? Hire a Concierge
So You Think You Can Run a Dance Cardio Business
People Are Still Having Sex. So Why Are S.T.D. Rates Dropping?
Business Partner of Giuliani Associate Is Expected to Plead Guilty
It’s Easier to Parent With a Partner in Many Ways, Except This One
A Biden Win Could Renew a Democratic Split on Trade
Lil Buck Feels the Dancing Spirit All Over Again
Pennsylvania’s top elections official urges voters to drop off absentee ballots in person.
We Need Policy, Not WrestleMania
U.S. Charges 8 in Plot to Harass Chinese Dissidents
‘City So Real’ Is an Election Story Pulsing With Life
Biden Holds 8-Point Lead in Michigan as He Tries to Reconstruct the ‘Blue Wall’
Review: From Neil LaBute, a Case of He Said, She Said, No One Said
Disinformation Moves From Social Networks to Texts
It’s Biden! No, It’s Trump! Here Are Your Predictions
Bile and the Beat Fight Heartbreak on Sam Smith’s ‘Love Goes’
The 13 Scariest Horror Movies on Netflix Right Now
Palestinian Leaders Are Banking on Biden Win Next Week
After 12 Years, Arrest Made in Abduction of Former Times Journalist David Rohde
K.G.B. Museum Closes; Lipstick Gun and Other Spy Relics Go on Sale
Biden vowed to ‘deal honestly with the American people’ on the pandemic, and then went to vote.
The New York Store Where Furniture Is Theater
Stocks sink as lawmakers fail to reach agreement on stimulus deal, and coronavirus cases surge.
In Rural Virginia, a Militia Tries to Recruit a New Ally: The County Government
M.T.A. Slashes in Service Could Erase 450,000 Jobs
Biden’s Caution: Wise Campaign Tactic or Misguided Gamble?
After Backlash, Philip Guston Retrospective to Open in 2022
Virus-Stricken Wisconsin Cancels Nebraska Game
Polish Women Lead Strike Over Abortion Ruling Amid Threats of Crackdown
2 Art Gallery Shows to See Right Now
How Memory Maps Fashion’s Future
U.S. to Establish Embassy in the Maldives
Read the Statement by Miles Taylor
Miles Taylor, a Former Homeland Security Official, Reveals He Was ‘Anonymous’
Biden and Trump will both campaign in Tampa on Thursday, though not at the same time.
‘The American People Deserve So Much Better Than This,’ Biden Says
Utah Jazz to Sell Majority Stake to Tech Entrepreneur
Republicans Blast Social Media C.E.O.s While Democrats Deride Hearing
Listen to Soundscapes from Home
Modern Love Podcast: Devoted but Doomed
Your Thursday Briefing
Statins May Have Cancer Benefits
Cecilia Chiang, Who Brought Authentic Chinese Food to America, Dies at 100
Ford and Fiat Chrysler report strong profits as car sales rebound.
Officer Who Pressed a Knee Into Bystander’s Neck Leaves N.Y.P.D.
Black Women’s Hair and Horror Movies: What Could Go Wrong?
Oklahoma Ice Storms Leave Thousands Without Power on Eve of Early Voting
Juan Torruella, Groundbreaking U.S. Appeals Judge, Dies at 87
At Arizona rally, Trump says the country is ‘rounding the turn,’ despite a record number of virus cases.
In Azerbaijan, a String of Explosions, Screams and Then Blood
France and Germany Lock Down as Second Coronavirus Wave Grows
France imposes a new nationwide lockdown, and braces for fresh economic pain.
‘I Am a Proud Patriotic American,’ Harris Says at Rally
After a Dampened Celebration, Enduring Glory Still Awaits the Dodgers
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
What Are You Seeing at the Polls?
Diane di Prima, Poet of the Beat Era and Beyond, Dies at 86
Covid Relief for Nonprofits
Supreme Court Allows Longer Deadlines for Absentee Ballots in Pennsylvania and North Carolina
After 50 Years, a Suspect Emerges in a Cold Murder Case
The 2020 Campaign Is the Most Expensive Ever (By a Lot)
The Supreme Court allows longer absentee ballot deadlines in Pennsylvania and North Carolina.
Stocks Post Worst Day in 4 Months as Infections Rise Around the Globe
The Best of the Kennedys?
Europe, 2020 Election, Dodgers: Your Wednesday Evening Briefing
Finally, the Resistance Gets to Vote
Say Yes to Progressive Taxation
Trump claims the nation is ‘rounding the turn’ on the virus as cases climb; Biden vows to ‘deal honestly with the American people.’
Wedding and Birthday Party Infect 56, Leaving Nearly 300 in Quarantine
Baltimore Museum of Art Cancels Painting Sale that Drew Complaints
Cuba Says U.S. Restrictions Will Force Western Union Offices to Close
Days From Election, Police Killing of Black Man Roils Philadelphia
M.L.B. Says Justin Turner Refused to Stay Off Field After Dodgers’ Win
Er, Can I Ask a Few Questions About Abortion?
Trump’s Closing Argument on Virus Clashes With Science, and Voters’ Lives
Into the Unknown
Court Rejects Appeal of Guantánamo Convict Who Rejoined Al Qaeda
Live Results: Utah Presidential Primary 2020
Live: Alabama State Primary Election Results 2020
Oklahoma Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
California Primary Election Results: 10th House District
California Primary Election Results: 43rd House District
California Primary Election Results: 21st House District
California Primary Election Results: 31st House District
California Primary Election Results: 37th House District
North Carolina Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
California Primary Election Results: 38th House District
Colorado Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
California Primary Election Results: 13th House District
California Primary Election Results: Seventh House District
Live Results: California Presidential Primary 2020
California Primary Election Results: 20th House District
California Primary Election Results: 16th House District
Vermont Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
Colorado Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
California Primary Election Results: 35th House District
California Primary Election Results: 50th House District
California Primary Election Results: 26th House District
Maine Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
California Primary Election Results: Fourth House District
California Primary Election Results: 46th House District
Utah Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
California Primary Election Results: 29th House District
California Primary Election Results: 18th House District
Live Results: Texas Presidential Primary 2020
Oklahoma Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
Live: Maine State Primary Election Results 2020
California Primary Election Results: Third House District
Live Results: Tennessee Presidential Primary 2020
California Primary Election Results: 42nd House District
California Primary Election Results: 28th House District
Texas Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
California Primary Election Results: 47th House District
California Primary Election Results: 19th House District
California Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
California Primary Election Results: 33rd House District
California Primary Election Results: First House District
California Primary Election Results: 51st House District
Vermont Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
California Primary Election Results: Sixth House District
Live Results: Colorado Presidential Primary 2020
California Primary Election Results: 52nd House District
California Primary Election Results: 23rd House District
Live Results: Virginia Presidential Primary 2020
Alabama Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
California Primary Election Results: 27th House District
Live: Arkansas State Primary Election Results 2020
California Primary Election Results: 24th House District
California Primary Election Results: 45th House District
California Primary Election Results: 17th House District
California Primary Election Results: 30th House District
Live Results: Oklahoma Presidential Primary 2020
California Primary Election Results: 34th House District
California Primary Election Results: 32nd House District
Tennessee Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
Live: California State Primary Election Results 2020
California Primary Election Results: 22nd House District
California Primary Election Results: Second House District
California Primary Election Results: 41st House District
Live Results: Arkansas Presidential Primary 2020
California Primary Election Results: Fifth House District
Massachusetts Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
California Primary Election Results: Ninth House District
California Primary Election Results: 39th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 16th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: Seventh House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 34th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 18th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 31st House District
Alabama U.S. Senate Primary Election Results
California Primary Election Results: 15th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 12th House District
Live Results: Massachusetts Presidential Primary 2020
North Carolina Primary Election Results: Fourth House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 10th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: Second House District
California Primary Election Results: 48th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 25th House District
Texas Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
Texas Primary Election Results: 23rd House District
Live Results: Alabama Presidential Primary 2020
Texas Primary Election Results: 17th House District
Live Results: Vermont Presidential Primary 2020
Texas Primary Election Results: 32nd House District
North Carolina Primary Election Results: Sixth House District
North Carolina Primary Election Results: Second House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 20th House District
North Carolina Primary Election Results: Ninth House District
North Carolina Primary Election Results: Seventh House District
North Carolina Primary Election Results: Fifth House District
Texas Primary Election Results: Fifth House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 27th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 15th House District
California Primary Election Results: 14th House District
California Primary Election Results: 53rd House District
California Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
Virginia Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
California Primary Election Results: 44th House District
Alabama Primary Election Results: Second House District
Live Results: North Carolina Presidential Primary 2020
Live Results: Maine Presidential Primary 2020
Alabama Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
Minnesota Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
North Carolina Primary Election Results: First House District
California Primary Election Results: Eighth House District
California Primary Election Results: 40th House District
North Carolina Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
California Primary Election Results: 25th House District
Live: Texas State Primary Election Results 2020
Alabama Republican Primary Election Results: Fifth House District
California Primary Election Results: 12th House District
Alabama Primary Election Results: First House District
Tennessee Polls: Who Different Groups Supported
California Special Election Results: 25th House District
Live: North Carolina State Primary Election Results 2020
Massachusetts Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
California Primary Election Results: 49th House District
California Primary Election Results: 36th House District
California Primary Election Results: 11th House District
Live Results: Minnesota Presidential Primary 2020
Arkansas Presidential Republican Primary Election Results
Texas Primary Election Results: 13th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 29th House District
North Carolina Primary Election Results: 11th House District
North Carolina Primary Election Results: 10th House District
Texas U.S. Senate Primary Election Results
Texas Primary Election Results: 35th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: Eighth House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 14th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: Ninth House District
Texas Primary Election Results: Third House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 26th House District
North Carolina Governor Primary Election Results
North Carolina Primary Election Results: 12th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 30th House District
North Carolina U.S. Senate Primary Election Results
Texas Primary Election Results: 28th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 22nd House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 11th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 33rd House District
Texas Primary Election Results: First House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 19th House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 21st House District
Texas Primary Election Results: 24th House District
Who Is Miles Taylor?
Take This Trump Election Day Quiz Before It’s Too Late
A Privacy Measure That’s Hard to Like
$300 Million Telemarketing Scheme Preyed on Older People, U.S. Says
M.L.B. says a Dodgers player insisted on celebrating with teammates despite his positive coronavirus test.
‘Perception Hacks’ and Other Potential Threats to the Election
First a Sweet 16 party, now a wedding and a birthday: Long Island has more superspreading events.
Officials Warn of Cyberattacks on Hospitals as Virus Cases Spike
Begins Some Evasive Maneuvering
Quotation of the Day: Tools of the Trail: Masks, Zoom, Thermometers
Corrections: Oct. 29, 2020
Life Without Parole for Man Who Killed Chicago Police Commander
Trump wrested control from doctors as the pandemic grew, Jared Kushner told an interviewer.
France Lockdown, Poland Protests, Coronavirus: Your Thursday Briefing
How Mail Votes Could Delay Election Results
Typhoon Molave Slams Into Vietnam, Bringing Death and More Misery
Cushnie, a Fashion Label That Broke Barriers, Is Closing
N.F.L. Week 8 Predictions: Our Picks Against the Spread
Florida, where Trump and Biden converged, is in the ‘red zone’ for coronavirus cases.
John Hinckley Can Publicly Display His Artwork, Judge Rules
Jobless young Europeans face desperate times as renewed virus restrictions loom.
Curbside popcorn sales and private events aren’t enough to keep this independent theater going.
Police in the U.S. pin a rise in murders on an unusual suspect: Covid.
Trump’s closing argument on the virus clashes with science, and voters’ lives.
Ultra-Orthodox Jews’ Greatest Strength Has Become Their Greatest Weakness
Mask requirements at polling places lead to confrontations and lawsuits as infections rise.
Word + Quiz: cogent
In final debate with Sara Gideon, Susan Collins again says she thinks Roe v. Wade is safe.
Former South Korean President Ordered Back to Prison for Bribery
Global markets take a breath after Wall Street’s pandemic-inspired swoon.
Jimmy Fallon: ‘Even Trump Supporters Are Turning Blue’
‘Perception hacks,’ minor incursions that could be exaggerated, are the latest cybersecurity target.
Familial Frights
Stefanik’s Loyalty to Trump Is Flashpoint in $16 Million N.Y. Race
Young and Jobless in Europe: ‘It’s Been Desperate’
Rooster Kills Police Officer in Covid-19 Lockdown Raid
Two conservative operatives charged in a robocall scam are ordered to call 85,000 people back.
Thinking About College: Activities Adults and Teenagers Can Do Together
Trump wrested control from doctors as the pandemic grew, Jared Kushner told an interviewer.
A rooster kills a police officer in the Philippines during a Covid-19 lockdown raid.
An Apartment in Brooklyn or a House Upstate? She Had the Budget for One
Getting Lost Helped V.E. Schwab Find the Idea for Her 20th Book
How to Be an Active Bystander When You See Casual Racism
Steve Martin Likes Books in the ‘I Can’t Put This Down’ Genre
Have You Ever Worried About Making a Good First Impression?
Good Design Is the Secret to Better Democracy
She’s Bursting Big Tech’s Bubble
Poem: Gemini
The Stressful Conclusion of a Clinical Trial
It’s Election Day. Do You Know How Your Matches Are Voting?
How to Do School When Motivation Has Gone Missing
How Trump Lowered America’s Standing in the World
Are There Any Mothers Out There Like Me?
Where Covid Left Holes, Volunteers Stepped In
How the Nxivm Sex Cult Leader Tore One Family Apart
So, Russia, You Want to Mess With Our Voting Machines?
America Shocked Itself and the World
Texas Is a Tossup. So Why Won’t Trump or Biden Campaign There?
Zeta Knocks Out Power to 2 Million
Trump Killed the Pax Americana
The Mystery of How Many Mothers Have Left Work Because of School Closings
How Will I Ever Look at America the Same Way Again?
Smile, Dad: In a Photo Session With Matthew McConaughey, His Kids Did the Shooting
Four Wasted Years Thinking About Donald Trump
Why Celebrities Are Wearing Hot Pink Suits
How to Staycation in 6 American Cities
Turkish Bank Case Showed Erdogan’s Influence With Trump
How Suckerfish Surf Across Blue Whales Without Falling Off
Police Pin a Rise in Murders on an Unusual Suspect: Covid
Facing Gap in Pennsylvania, Trump Camp Tries to Make Voting Harder
Death Rates Have Dropped for Seriously Ill Covid Patients
They Scream! We Scream!
‘It’s Going Away’: A Small Movie Theater Struggles to Survive
‘Tsunamis of Misinformation’ Overwhelm Local Election Officials
16 New Books to Watch For in November
40 Dead, Now 40 Laid Off: Inside a Nursing Home in Crisis
Celebrity Vetting and ‘Helping the President’ to Defeat Coronavirus Despair
Judge John Hodgman on Leftovers Etiquette
Have a Creepy, Crawly Halloween
Simon Pegg and Nick Frost Are Back With a British ‘X-Files’
Trump’s Thoroughly Modern Masculinity
Has Texas finally become a true presidential battleground state?
Like Outdoor Dining? Try Outdoor Shopping
As Coronavirus Surges, Chastened Dutch Wonder, ‘What Happened to Us?’
New Terror Attacks Leave France Embattled at Home and Abroad
When One Car Has More Horsepower Than Churchill Downs
The Field: The Specter of Political Violence
Trailing in Pennsylvania, the Trump camp tries to make it harder to cast a vote.
Where the Virus Is Less Bad
Where the virus is less bad: Canada and Germany.
The connection between ‘Real Housewives’ and public health behavior.
‘Madre’ Review: A Tense Depiction of a Mother Undone
‘Spell’ Review: Occult Reprogramming
‘Come Play’ Review: Alexa, Find Me a Derivative Thriller
‘The Donut King’ Review: Sweet Dreams
‘Fire Will Come’ Review: An Arsonist Returns Home to the Forest
Welcome to His World: Bela Tarr’s First Meteorological Event
‘Us Kids’ Review: They’re Not All Right
‘Raining in the Mountain’ Review: A Martial Arts Gem From 1979
Halloween for Kids: Different This Year, but Still Delightful
What Turn Are We Really Rounding on the Virus?
‘The True Adventures of Wolfboy’ Review: A Hirsute Teen Drama
For Stock Markets, ‘an Unwelcome Déjà Vu Feeling’
As the West Stumbles, ‘Helmsman’ Xi Pushes an Ambitious Plan for China
The Tax Fight Haunting California
Manufacturers got a big bounce, but service businesses still face a big climb.
Can I Tell My Friend Her Halloween Costume Is Problematic?
The T List: Five Things We Recommend This Week
On the Market in the New York Region
Homes for Sale in New York and New Jersey
On the Market in New York City
Homes for Sale in Brooklyn, Manhattan and Queens
Black and Hispanic workers, especially women, lag in the U.S. economic recovery.
Scraping by on benefits and part-time work, but a cutoff looms at year’s end.
A $265 million feel-good P.R. effort to boost Trump on the coronavirus draws Democrats’ ire.
Student Voting Surges Despite Efforts to Suppress It
Cars led a wave in spending on goods.
Today’s economic report shows a record-setting rebound. But the numbers are misleading.
‘Quick, Quick, Quick’: Trump Rushes Martha McSally at Rally
What Trump’s disrespectful treatment of Martha McSally says about his own struggles.
Home building has helped drive the U.S. recovery. Exports have lagged.
A Not-So-Merry Mix: Shakespeare, Bluegrass and Randy Quaid
‘There Are Tons of Brown Faces Missing’: Publishers Step Up Diversity Efforts
Gilead’s Covid-19 Drug Is Mediocre. It Will Be a Blockbuster Anyway.
Labour Party Suspends Jeremy Corbyn Over Anti-Semitism Response
The American Economy Was Hit by a Bus. It’s Healing, but Slowly.
The Trump campaign celebrated a growth record that Democrats downplayed.
Zeta Causes Widespread Damage After Hitting Gulf Coast
When It Comes to Octopuses, Taste Is for Suckers
Poll roundup: Biden’s numbers stay strong, as an NBC/Marist survey finds him ahead in Florida.
After bitter debate in Georgia, Senator David Perdue cancels third face off with Jon Ossoff.
In This Strange Election Year, Foreign Embassies Find Little Access to Democrats
Here Are the Policy Advisers Who Have Joe Biden’s Ear
As details emerge in Whitmer plot, F.B.I. arrests Michigan men said to be tied to a white supremacist group.
David Guillod, Hollywood Executive, Arrested Again After Assault Report
The ‘South Park’ Guys Break Down Their Viral Deepfake Video
Kayleigh McEnany, the White House press secretary, blurs the line between government and politics.
How to Shop for a Used Computer
At the Queens Museum, Home and the World
Pelosi, predicting a Biden win, says she’d push sweeping virus relief in the lame duck session.
Kavanaugh Fixes Error in Election Opinion After Vermont Complaint
A campaign-closing R.N.C. ad acknowledges what Trump played down: the pandemic and unemployment.
Leon Black Calls Relationship With Jeffrey Epstein a ‘Terrible Mistake’
Goodnight to Our Beautiful, Wet Blue Moon
What We Know About the Death of Walter Wallace Jr. in Philadelphia
You (YOU!) Can Stop Election Rumors
Pelosi ‘Very Confident’ Biden Will Win
China’s Leaders Vow Tech ‘Self-Reliance,’ Military Power and Economic Recovery
Yes, We Liked the Berkshires Shows. Here’s $2 Million.
Biden and Cunningham Hold Slim Leads in North Carolina, Poll Finds
In M.L.S., the Pandemic Changes the Playoff Math
How Virus Politics Divided a Conservative Town in Wisconsin’s North
Bob Biggs, Los Angeles Punk-Rock Entrepreneur, Dies at 74
Biden’s Call for ‘National Mask Mandate’ Gains Traction in Public Health Circles
Biden’s ‘national mask mandate’ would face challenges, but he has other ways to encourage their use.
Justice Kavanaugh corrects an error in opinion that alarmed Democrats.
Women Could Decide the Election. Here’s How They’re Voting.
The Wine World’s Most Elite Circle Has a Sexual Harassment Problem
A Glass House in the Mexican Desert
Ancient Dog DNA Shows Early Spread Around the Globe
Remarkable Records of Joni Mitchell’s Changes
Transitioning From Fossil Fuels
Chris Pendergast, Who Fought A.L.S. Mile After Mile, Dies at 71
Hurricane Zeta disrupts early in-person voting in Georgia.
For Retailers, a Halloween Shock: It’s Actually Happening
After Terror Attacks, Muslims Wonder About Their Place in France
Biden leads in a new poll in Pennsylvania, one of the states that may decide the election.
Glenn Greenwald Leaves The Intercept, Claiming He Was Censored
The Venezuelan-American Vote, From a First-Timer in Florida
12 New Books We Recommend This Week
8 Things to Do This Halloween Weekend
Amid a Local Outbreak, a Historically Black University Cancels Basketball Season
A Top Aide to Saddam Hussein Is Reported Dead
What Students Are Saying About Embarrassing Parents, Personal Style and Social Media Perceptions
Your Friday Briefing
Economy’s Big Rebound Leaves a Shortfall as Progress Slows
Zoe Lister-Jones on ‘The Craft’ and Women’s Power
Tony La Russa Returns at 76, Ready to Combine Old Wisdom and New Data
Have States Split Their Electoral College Votes
Justice Dept. Is Said to Quietly Quash Inquiry Into Tamir Rice Killing
Virtual Reality: Realizing the Power of Experience, Excursion and Immersion in the Classroom
Billy Joe Shaver, Outlaw Singer and Songwriter, Dies at 81
No Selfies or Hugs, but Biden Is Sneaking In Meet and Greets
Why Is Europe Keeping Its Schools Open, Despite New Lockdowns?
Biden leans into climate change with two new ads.
‘Waiter, There’s a Fly in Our Bubble’
‘It’s Up to You, You Hold the Key,’ Biden Tells Florida Voters
U.S. Coronavirus Cases Surpass 9 Million With No End in Sight
Lingering Mail Problems Worry Voters in Final Week of Election
Film Club: ‘Three Families. Nine Weeks. ‘Things Are Getting Annoying.’’
From Bolivia, Lessons for a Successful Election
U.S. to Remove Wolves From Protected Species List
Trump Boasts About G.D.P Growth and Attacks News Media
Long Lines, Steady Rain: Voting Early in N.Y.C.
Twitter Bots Poised to Spread Disinformation Before Election
Slump in Air Travel Hindered Weather Forecasting, Study Shows
F.B.I. Arrests Michigan Men Tied to White Supremacist Group
In Voting Cases, Chief Justice Roberts Is Alone but in Control
Chris Christie Makes Cameo Video For Montana Democrat (By Mistake)
Walmart, citing unrest in Philadelphia, takes guns off its sales floors.
How Much Watching Time Do You Have This Weekend?
For a High Risk-Mom, Halloween Feels Extra Tricky
The Stories Behind 5 Horror Movie Masks
Twitter Bots Poised to Spread Disinformation Before Election
Times reporters discuss election, polling and more.
An Astronomer’s Guide to Stargazing with Your Space-Obsessed Kid
What’s Going On in This Graph? | Unemployment During the Pandemic
A Man in a Black Ski Mask Cuts Short a 17-Year-Old’s Life
Big Tech Continues Its Surge Ahead of the Rest of the Economy
In a Lawsuit, Jerry Falwell Jr. Accuses Liberty University of Defamation
New York Nightmare: Man Falls Through Sidewalk Into Rat-Filled Chasm
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
G.D.P., Florida, Octopus: Your Thursday Evening Briefing
Dan Bongino Has No Idea Why Facebook Loves Him
Races to Watch in California
At Least 140 Drown in Worst Shipwreck of 2020, U.N. Agency Says
NASA’s Asteroid Mission Packs Away Its Cargo. Next Stop: Earth.
Dan Baum, Journalist, Author and Long-Form Tweeter, Dies at 64
Holidays Must Look Different This Year. Lives Are at Stake.
Lies, Damned Lies and Trump Rallies
The Voting Suppression Tipping Point
Choua Yang, Hmong Refugee and Educator, Dies at 53
Dems Mess With Texas
Jimmy Orr, a Favorite Target of the Colts’ Unitas, Dies at 85
Trump and Biden Converge in Florida, an Elusive Prize Still Up for Grabs
Trump’s Hard-Line Immigration Policies Go Before Voters
Five Great Things Biden Has Already Done
Clemson’s Trevor Lawrence Tests Positive for the Coronavirus
The Original Nachos Were Crunchy, Cheesy and Truly Mexican
First Pass Friday
Will ‘Mank’ Be Netflix’s First Best-Picture Winner?
Corrections: Oct. 30, 2020
Quotation of the Day: Tech Start-Ups Are Divided on Politics
Coronavirus, Nice Attacks, U.S. Election: Your Friday Briefing
A Remix from The Daily
N.H.L. Team Drops Top Draft Pick Accused of Racist Bullying
The Ghost Was the Least of Our Problems
Travis Roy, Who Inspired Millions After a Hockey Tragedy, Dies at 45
New Zealand’s Advance Preview of a Post-Virus World
In Avignon, Snatching Theater From the Jaws of New Lockdowns
A Korean news agency publishes an op-ed from Biden.
Biden and Trump will criss-cross the Midwest as the campaign enters its last weekend.
Prosecutors Call Former Embassy Employee an ‘Experienced Sexual Predator’
A vote-counting official in Florida who gave money to Trump’s campaign resigns.
As virus cases rise across the U.S., records topple.
An unproven Covid-19 drug is turning out to be a proven moneymaker for its manufacturer.
In voting cases, Chief Justice Roberts is alone but in control.
Late Night Is Too Nervous to Believe in Biden-Leading Polls
Biden leads by 3 points in North Carolina, a Times/Siena College poll found.
Clemson’s star quarterback tests positive for the virus.
Nap Time
‘Rogue City’ Review: An Action Movie Skimping on Action
These Are the Perks Companies Use to Get Workers Back to Their Offices
News Quiz: Amy Coney Barrett, Lockdowns, Anonymous
Lesson of the Day: ‘Why Nigeria Is Now Erupting’
These Zombies Threaten the Whole Planet
After Jon Ossoff calls him a ‘crook’ during a Georgia Senate debate, David Perdue cancels final one.
New Zealand Voters Approve Euthanasia but Reject Recreational Marijuana
As virus cases surge to new records, outbreaks in swing states could shape the election.
‘Wagner’s Music is Bombastic and Boring’ and Other Letters to the Editor
What Have We Lost?
How Do You Feel About Censored Music?
A Nice Riff on Love
What Losing My Father Taught Me About Parenting, Planets and Pain
From Melbourne to New York, Oceans Couldn’t Keep Them Apart
On-Again, Off-Again, but a Cabdriver Knew They’d Get Married
This Election Map Will Be Everywhere. Don’t Let It Fool You.
United States Records Its Worst Week Yet for Virus Cases
Do Hospitals Value Everyone? This Winter, They Have a Chance to Prove It
Friends Since Eighth Grade, Married With a New Urgency
What if America Gets a Divorce? And Other Final Election Predictions
The Friendships Trump Pulled Apart
These Two Were Otherwise Engaged. A Decade Later, They’re Wed.
Trump Has Made the Whole World Darker
The Woman President Who Wasn’t
Goodbye Principled Conservatism
At First He Ghosted, Then They Became a Couple
Don’t Write Off the Persistent Man From California
A West Wing First Date
Biden Can Fix Latinos’ Disappointment With Democrats
Have We Learned Nothing After Four Years of Trump?
Don’t Fool Yourself. Trump Is Not an Aberration.
Why India’s Muslims Reach for Liberalism
When Trick-or-Treating Is Scary, for Real
The Swagger of Denis Shapovalov
They Crossed Paths at Howard but Caught Feelings in a Hurricane
In Building Economic Team, Biden Faces Tug From Left and Center
New York Subway’s Pain Could Bring Riches for Bond Investors
The President Has Made Selfishness Our National Credo
The Fury Against Trump Has Begun a Great Democratic Awakening
2016 Nonvoters, a Key Prize for Biden and Trump, Turn Out in Droves
Where Cruise Ships Are Sent to Die
Some Areas of N.Y.C. Are Getting a Lot More Testing. Guess Which Ones.
Armed Observers, Chants of ‘4 More Years’ at Polls: Is That Legal?
Why Blue Places Have Been Hit Harder Economically Than Red Ones
In Trump and Biden, a Choice of Teetotalers for President
The Day After Election Day
In Michigan, a Suburban County That Flipped Blue Isn’t Looking Back
How an Urban Beekeeper Spends His Sundays
Why This Professor Is Writing Letters for People Feeling Blue
The Storied History of a Brewery in Brooklyn
In Brooklyn, a Ghost of Breweries Past
Weekly Health Quiz: Marijuana, Lullabies and Coronavirus
New in Paperback: ‘All Blood Runs Red’ and ‘Frankissstein’
Sharknado Goes to Washington
What Makes a Man Manly? Trump and Biden Offer Competing Answers
Suddenly, These Law Clerks Were More Than Just Colleagues
Inside the Race to Count Absentee Ballots Early
2016 nonvoters, a key prize for Biden and Trump, turn out in droves.
Is Halloween Canceled? Not Officially, but …
Trump and Biden share one quality, at least: Neither man drinks.
Biden Hopes to Fight Autocracy Abroad. He’ll Have to Start at Home.
How Three Election-Related Falsehoods Spread
A Rap Star Agonizes About His Role in Poland’s Culture Wars
The Field: The Shy Biden Voters Among Florida’s Seniors
The Shifting Map
In Pandemic U.K., Brexit Is an Afterthought, as Is Trump
What Happens on Nov. 4?
Trump remakes his election night plans.
Who Will Win Florida? What Polls Say About an Eternal Mystery
‘What a Barrister Looks Like’: A Young Black Woman Paves the Way
Justin Herbert and the Chargers Veer Happily Off Course
Democratic Senators Prepare to ‘Fundamentally Reform’ Capitalism
Down the Basement Stairs and Into the Past
Qatar Apologizes for Airport Strip Searches and Pursues Charges
Two More Men Are Arrested Over Knife Attack in Nice
Will the Hardest-Hit Communities Get the Coronavirus Vaccine?
Vote Centers Open After a Week of Wildfires
A Decade Later, Salem Returns to an Even Darker World
Stressed About the Election? Don’t Take It Out on Your Investments
A SoHo Triplex Sells for a Record $35.1 Million
Reasons to Sign Up for a Health Savings Account
In Turkey, a Frantic Rescue Effort After a Deadly Earthquake
Tiffany Deal Is a Signature Move by the Sun Tzu of Luxury
Donald Trump Jr. said virus deaths had fallen to ‘almost nothing’ as over 1,000 died in the U.S.
Word + Quiz: outcropping
How Does Harris View Big Business? Her Time as California’s Top Lawyer Offers Clues
What’s in Our Queue? ‘Stath Lets Flats’ and More
How to Talk About the Election With Your Kids
Egyptian Teen Seeks Justice in Rape Case, and a Battle Erupts Over Women’s Rights
You’re Not Too Old to Talk to Someone
U.S. Says Virus Can’t Be Controlled. China Aims to Prove It Wrong.
What to Cook This Weekend
Election Distractor
Brexit Britain looks ready to turn the page on Trump.
The Lessons of the Pirate League
Daily schedules: Trump and Biden in Minnesota and Wisconsin, Harris in Texas, Pence in Arizona.
Acupuncture Helped People With Back Pain Walk and Bend Better
Whitewater Unions, and a Toobin-Like Bathroom Mistake
Behind the Cover: Trump and the G.O.P.
17 Players in Five States, Composing Over the Internet
Pentagon Offers Little Rationale for Trucking Firm Bailout
Joe Biden and the Arts: No R.B.G. but a Loyal Promoter of Culture
A Novel Follows Lives Scattered in the California Desert
How a Century of Real-Estate Tax Breaks Enriched Donald Trump
In Critical Wisconsin, the Fox Valley May Decide the State’s Winner
Scientific Journals Commit to Diversity but Lack the Data
Kendrick Lamar’s Welcome Return, and 11 More New Songs
An Artist’s Portrait of His Brother
Biden and Obama will hold their first joint rallies on Saturday in Detroit and Flint, Mich.
Trump Has a Women Problem. These Senators Aren’t Helping.
The Sound in Their Ears? Black Thinkers Sharing ‘Lessons in Survival’
Without More Enforcement, Tax Evasion Will Spread Like a Virus
Looking for Comfort? Turn to This Beef Stew
Amazon and Google’s True Advantage
A Writing Career Among Trailblazing Music Stars
A Clash of Views Before Election Day
What Books Are Good for at the End of the World
U.S. Expels Migrant Children From Other Countries to Mexico
Michael Skakel, Kennedy Cousin, Will Not Face 2nd Murder Trial
Carb Country
The Weekender
Overlooked No More: Rosa May Billinghurst, Militant Suffragette
It’s Snowing in New England, but Election Day Looks Sunny for Much of U.S.
Louisville Officer Who Fatally Shot Breonna Taylor Is Now Suing Her Boyfriend
Review: Hugh Laurie Plays a Politician Trying to Avoid Cancellation
Virus Hospitalizations Are Up in N.Y.C. But This Time, It’s Different.
Review: ‘Touch of the Poet’ is a Powerful Study in Toxic Pride
A Pinnacle of Coral Is Discovered in Australia’s Great Barrier Reef
‘It’s Like Playing With Kobe’: An Unlikely Intergenerational Bridge Team
The Many Lives of Lentils
Europe’s Locked Down, but Schools Are Open
Trump Is a Poor Model of Masculinity
Boarded-Up Windows and Increased Security: Retailers Brace for the Election
As Trump and Biden criss-cross the Midwest, the key could be ‘a purple region within a purple state.’
Women Converge on Warsaw, Heightening Poland’s Largest Protests in Decades
From Fashion to a Fantasia in Stone
TV’s Horror Hosts: 70 Years of Screams and Cheese
Americans May Add Five Times More Plastic to the Oceans Than Thought
The weather on Election Day matters. This year most of the country will see clear skies.
Peter Secchia, Confidant of Ford and Bush, Dies at 83
What Went Viral This Week
Instagram Tries Clamping Down on Misinformation
Who will win Florida? What the polls say about an eternal mystery.
Love Letter: Can a Marriage Survive a Haunted House?
Magic in the Dirt
‘This is no time to let up,’ Kamala Harris tells Texas Democrats.
Trump will finish with a two-day, 10-event dash ending in Grand Rapids, the site of his last 2016 rally.
Hospitalizations rise in N.Y.C., but stays are shorter and fewer patients are dying.
Enzo Mari, Industrial Designer Who Kept Things Simple, Dies at 88
The End of a Beloved Delhi Institution
Pandemic Grandparenting, Beyond the Dreary Video Calls
‘The Mandalorian’ Season Premiere Recap: Back in the Saddle With Baby Yoda
Lil Wayne, Latest Rapper in Trump’s Orbit, Sees Backlash Over Photo
Trump, in Michigan, calls Laura Ingraham ‘politically correct’ for wearing a mask.
Some Older Voters Shift to Biden in Florida. Will It Be Enough for Him?
Trump Mocks Laura Ingraham’s Face Mask During Rally
Europe Risks a New Economic Downturn as Lockdowns Return
Lori Loughlin Begins 2-Month Sentence for Role in Admissions Scandal
Trump’s Campaign Is Building an Army of Poll Watchers. What Can They Actually Do?
Masks Work. Really. We’ll Show You How
What Will You Do With the ‘Extra Hour’?
Two Museums Tried to Sell Art. Only One Caught Grief About it.
Undecided Voters Could Still Decide the Election. They Tend to Dislike Trump.
Herb Adderley, a Packers Hall of Fame Cornerback, Dies at 81
The Daily: An Audio Guide to the Election
In Iowa, Biden Criticizes Trump’s Treatment of Farmers
The Three A.M. Club
The last Democratic presidential candidate to win Texas, Jimmy Carter, seeks to ‘turn Texas blue.’
Stocks Suffer Biggest Weekly Decline Since March as Virus Spreads
Most Conservative Christians Support Trump. Will They Help Him Win Again?
Coronavirus Briefing: What Happened Today
Trump Is Said to Set Aside Career Intelligence Briefer to Hear From Advisers Instead
The Daily: Special Election Edition
Stream These Vintage Heist Movies
After a Summer of Racial Reckoning, Race Is on the Ballot
Advertisers Flock to Election Night, When Live TV Is the Main Event Again
Coronavirus, Migrant Children, November Books: Your Friday Evening Briefing
Kyle Rittenhouse Must Go to Wisconsin for Trial, Illinois Judge Rules
Cruise Ships May Set Sail on Sunday, but Only With Crew
Above Billionaire’s Row, a Spinning Crane, Falling Debris and More Fear
Steven Cohen Is Approved as Mets Owner After Clearing 2 More Hurdles
An Open Letter to Justin Turner and M.L.B.
Trump Says Black Voters Aren’t Supporting Biden
A.J. Hinch Hired by Tigers After Suspension for Astros Cheating
‘Goodfellas,’ the Sequel? 4 Arrested in $6 Million Heist at J.F.K. Airport
At End of Bitter Campaign, Joe Biden Anguishes Over ‘My Only Surviving Son’
U.S. Coronavirus Cases Set New Record as Infections Soar
Cruise Ships Can Sail Again, With Strict Rules. Here’s What to Know.
France’s Hardening Defense of Cartoons of Muhammad Could Lead to ‘a Trap’
How Lincoln Survived the Worst Election Ever
Freedom as the Muzzle of a Glock
Glimmers of Hope for a Winter With Tropical Travel
Political Satire Isn’t Dead. It’s Been Turned Into Horror Stories.
Woman Who Mailed Threat to Susan Collins Gets 30 Months in Prison
Time Running Short, Trump and Biden Return to Northern Battlegrounds
‘A Slow Killer’: Nursing Home Residents Wither in Isolation Forced by the Virus
N.E.H. Funds Restoration of Statues Toppled During Protests
How to Take On the Tech Barons
Do Dunkin’ and Arby’s Go Together? Private Equity Group Bets $11 Billion They Do
What Keeps Facebook’s Election Security Chief Up at Night?
Terrapin Topper
After Trump accuses doctors of profiteering, medical professionals push back.
Quotation of the Day: In Florida’s Republican Heartland, Some Retirees Shift to Vote for Biden
No Corrections: Oct. 31, 2020
Fights in Front of Fans Test Boxing’s Business in the Pandemic Era
Trump will barnstorm Pennsylvania as both campaigns focus on the crucial state.
In Times of Crisis, Life-Affirming Picture Books
‘Square Dancing Belongs Somewhere Far Away … Like the 1800s’
Float Like a Butterfly, Sting Like a Bee: A Black Hero’s Boyhood
‘Everyone Needs a Buddy’
Philip Pullman’s New ‘Dark Materials’ Book Brims With Familiar Delights
One More Thing the Pandemic Election Upended: First Campaign Job Rites of Passage
He’s a Rare House Republican in a District Trump Lost. Can He Hold On?
Investing for the Future in the United States of Agita
Trump Dismisses Virus Coverage and Biden Dismisses Virus Leadership: This Week in the 2020 Race
Halloween Makeup Ideas, From ‘Euphoria’ to ‘Twilight’
Spirits of Grandfathers Past
Crispr Gene Editing Can Cause Unwanted Changes in Human Embryos, Study Finds
The Yarn Store Would Like You to Vote
The Election Work Diary of a Reporter With 2.5 Million Subscribers
What if They Could Make the Pandemic Go Poof?
‘They’re Calling You on the Squid Phone’
Networks Pledge Caution for an Election Night Like No Other
The Year of Blur
Americans Surge to Polls: ‘I’m Going to Vote Like My Life Depends on It’
The Capital of Sprawl Gets a Radically Car-Free Neighborhood
Fueled by Cash, Health Care and Trump’s Woes, Democrats Aim for Senate Control
A Frazzled World Holds Its Breath While the U.S. Chooses Its Leader
Campaign 2020: Let’s Never Do This Again
With early voting underway in Florida, Democrats worry about Black and Latino support.
Typhoon Goni Makes Landfall in Philippines, Packing ‘Catastrophic’ Winds
Russian Provinces Hit by a Second Wave of Coronavirus
Sean Connery, Who Embodied James Bond and More, Dies at 90
England to Shut Pubs, Restaurants and Most Shops as Virus Surges
As Tanzania’s President Wins a Second Term, Opposition Calls for Protests
Did This Building Grow a Beard? Nope. Those Are Legs.
My Co-op Is Losing Revenue in the Pandemic. Do I Have to Pay?
When Parents Lose Their Jobs, Their Children Also Suffer. But Sometimes There’s a Consolation.
Cut Off From the World Again, Australia Now Finds Silver Linings
Comfort Food Forever
Dramatic Rescues After Major Earthquake Kills at Least 39 in Turkey
Navy Commandos Rescue American Kidnapped in Niger
The Economy Is Down. Why Are Home Prices Up?
Republicans, Not Biden, Are About to Raise Your Taxes
I’m Dreaming of a Blue Texas
Is France Fueling Muslim Terrorism by Trying to Prevent It?
Police Reform Is on the Ballot
15 Sean Connery Movies to Stream
The Race for Miami’s Perennial Tossup Seat Starts Leaning Democratic
The President’s Taxes: A Reader’s Guide
Variety: Cryptic Crossword
Trump and the Working Class
How Are Americans Catching the Virus? Increasingly, ‘They Have No Idea’
Poll Watchers Endure, Minus the Partisan Drama
As Augmented Reality Evolves, the Reporting Is All Around You
Obama will head to South Florida and Atlanta on Monday, Biden campaign announces.
Greek Orthodox Priest Wounded in Lyon, France, Shooting
Did President Trump Keep His First-Term Promises? Let’s Look at 5 of Them
Can Trump Woo Enough Black Men to Hurt Biden in Battleground States?
Rescue Workers Search for Survivors After Major Earthquake in Turkey
The ‘Wall’ Is Still Motivating Voters. But This Time Is It Against Trump?
An Ancient Hill and Forgotten Dead: Afghanistan’s Haunted Outpost
Elvia Ramirez Dies at 17; Youngest Covid-19 Victim in North Dakota
How the Skakel-Moxley Murder Case Unfolded Over Four Decades
Their First Try Backfired, but Giuliani and Allies Keep Aiming at Biden
Biden and Surrogates Hit Trump on Taxes in Closing Argument
Kentucky Police Training Quoted Hitler and Urged ‘Ruthless’ Violence
Final Weekend Campaigning Reflects Both Traditional Barnstorming and 2020 Chaos
Obama Rips Into Trump During Drive-In Biden Rally
Vehicles flying Trump flags try to force a Biden-Harris campaign bus off a highway in Texas.
James Bond Actors Say Sean Connery ‘Defined an Era and a Style’
Britain Expands Coronavirus Restrictions
West-Southwest
Typhoon Goni Leaves Philippines After Only Grazing Manila
Trump Predicts No Results on Election Day
Trump Camp Uses Online Gimmick to Fuel Donations Into December
George Shultz Speaks Out for Renewing U.S. Leadership Overseas
Police in North Carolina use a chemical spray to disperse a get-out-the-vote rally.
Stanford Study Seeks to Quantify Infections Stemming From Trump Rallies